USA: U.S. Federal Reserve holds interest rates steady.U.S. Federal Reserve holds interest rates steady.By Rich Miller, Economics CorrespondentThe Federal Reserve held interest rates steady Tuesday amid signs the economy was slowing from its burst of growth in the second quarter without inflation heating up.The decision by the central bank's policy-making Federal Open Market Committee had been widely expected and left the key federal funds rate that commercial banks charge each other for short-term loans unchanged at 5.25 percent."The Federal Open Market Committee meeting ended at 12:45 p.m (1645 GMT). There is no further announcement," central bank spokesman Joseph Coyne said in a brief statement.Stock prices rose after the Fed announcement, with the Dow Jones industrial average adding 21.82 points to 5,721.26. While the decision had been expected, analysts said investors were relieved nonetheless. Bond prices ended little changed.The decision to hold rates steady kept the Fed out of the line of political fire ahead of the Nov. 5 presidential and congressional elections."If the Fed had raised interest rates now, given the rather benign inflation data we've seen, there would have been a political lynch mob at the central bank," said Ken Mayland, chief economist for St. Louis-based banking group KeyCorp.After growing at its fastest pace in two years in the second quarter, the economy appears to have slowed recently as the housing market has weakened and retail sales have stalled.Most analysts expect the economy to slow further later this year. But it remains an open question whether it will slow enough to keep inflation in check.That means a precautionary rate rise is possible later in the year, once the Fed has more evidence to help it measure how much the expansion is slowing, economists said.More than half of 29 economists surveyed by Reuters Tuesday week forecast a rate increase by the end of the year.The Fed holds its next policy-making meeting on Sept. 24. Since cutting rates by a quarter point in January, the central bank has held rates steady as growth first waned, then waxed.David Jones, vice chairman of Wall Street broker Aubrey G. Lanston and Co., said the Fed will face a tougher task next month, in part because of a potential pickup in inflation.But he too is betting that the central bank will not raise rates until later in the year. "Fed officials would probably like to push out any decision beyond the election," he said.Tuesday's Fed meeting was sandwiched between the Republican Party's presidential nominating convention last week in San Diego and the Democrats' next week in Chicago.A rate rise ahead of the election would not be good news for President Clinton in his drive to win re-election, although it would likely have little immediate impact on the economy that still has considerable momentum.The economy grew at a 4.2 percent annual rate in the second quarter -- about twice the speed most economists reckon is sustainable on a long-term basis without fanning inflation.The jobs market has remained strong, putting extra money in workers' pockets and portending continued solid consumer spending.At 5.4 percent, the unemployment rate is hovering just above a six-year low and near levels that in the past have forced employers to bid up wages to attract workers, feeding inflation.Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan told lawmakers last month that wage increases had been held in check by workers' worries that they might lose their jobs. But he warned that those fears would eventually fade and said the central bank needed to remain vigilant to prevent a wage-driven rise in inflation.