THAILAND: Thai rice traders greet expected end of Mexico ban.Thai rice traders greet expected end of Mexico ban.Thai exporters on Tuesday welcomed Mexico's reported impending decision to lift a ban on Asian rice but said high Thai prices would delay their quick return to the Mexican market.Trade and diplomatic sources said any Mexican move to end its four-year import embargo would benefit Vietnam more than other Asian producers.A U.S. agriculture attache said on Monday there were indications Mexico would lift a phytosanitary ban on Asian rice soon and he expected such a move could hurt U.S. rice exports to Mexico."It is good news but to what extent we can re-enter the market is another matter. Current steep Thai prices would make our rice relatively uncompetitive," said Somboon Phtaichan, manager of the Thai Rice Exporters Association.Somboon said Thailand had gained a share of the Mexican market before 1992 because its rice then was $20-30 a tonne cheaper than U.S. rice.Mexico bought about 40,000 tonnes of medium grade 10-15 percent Thai white rice a year before the 1992 ban, which affected other Asian producers including Vietnam, China and Indonesia.Traders said the distance between Thailand and Mexico made it difficult for Thai rice to compete with U.S. grains."It would be tough to compete with U.S. rice which can just be trucked across the Mexican border from Texas or Arkansas," a major Thai exporter said.Mexico imposed the 1992 ban after it said some Asian shipments were contaminated with bacteria and insects.Thailand, the world biggest exporter, has protested against the Mexican embargo.Arun Anprasertporn, agricultural services manager of cargo surveyor firm SGS Far East Ltd, said it was standard practice for Thai export shipments to all destinations to be fumigated against insects and bacteria."Our fumigation is effective in killing any hidden insects in the first two days and there should not be any question of shipments being re-infested during long journeys," he said.Thai traders said the underlying cause of the 1992 Mexican ban stemmed from substantially low prices offered by Vietnam in the early 1990s that heavily undercut U.S. rice sold to Mexico."It is not the question of more exports that Thailand will benefit from a lifting of the ban. Renewed imports from Thailand would not change our bilateral trade picture. What Thailand will gain, however, is its reputation," a Mexican trade attache said.Somboon of the exporters assocation said that Thailand, forecast to export more than five million tonnes this year, regarded Latin America as its new rice market.He said Peru topped the list of South American buyers of Thai rice this year by importing 45,600 tonnes during January/June, followed by Chile which bought about 1,000 tonnes.