USA: Dollar rises vs. yen after trade report.Dollar rises vs. yen after trade report.NEW YORK, Aug 20 - The dollar rose against the Japanese yen Tuesday after a sharp drop in the nation's trade deficit overshadowed fleeting disappointment that the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged.The Commerce Department reported the United States trade gap shrank 23 percent in June as imports of merchandise and petroleum fell sharply.While the trade shortfall with Japan rose 3.6 percent in June, the second-quarter deficit of $10.5 billion with Japan was the smallest quarterly deficit in five years.The trend helped the dollar by decreasing the amount of dollars foreign exporters will need to sell for their local currencies."It was a good trade number," said Greg Pearman, chief foreign exchange dealer at Credit Commerciale de France in New York. "There was definitely one huge buyer today who right after the (trade) number bought a lot of dollars for yen."After the release of the trade figures, the dollar climbed above 108 yen, where it stayed for the rest of the New York session.The Fed's decision to hold interest rates steady only pressured the dollar temporarily in the afternoon because most traders had expected no change in monetary policy anyway."It's a fractional disappointment, basically," said Chris Turner, a currency strategist at the I.D.E.A. Inc. consulting firm. "We saw recently a survey of 37 primary (currency) dealers in the U.S. (and) not one of them were going for a Fed rate hike today."In late New York trading, the dollar settled at 108.35 yen, up from 107.80 yen late on Monday. The dollar rose slightly to 1.4883 German marks from 1.4880 marks.The dollar strengthened slightly against the yen in Asia after Eisuke Sakakibara, director-general of Japan's Ministry of Finance International Finance Bureau said in an interview with the Nikkei Finance Daily newspaper that even if the dollar rises above 110 yen, there is only a small chance of such a rise having an adverse effect on the Japanese economy.Sakakibara has been dubbed "Mr. Yen" by the currency market because he is seen as the key person behind a rise in the dollar back up above 100 yen last year from its record low of 79.75 yen in April 1995.The British pound rose to $1.5480 from $1.5455 late on Monday.The dollar ended little changed at 1.2070 Swiss francs.It inched up to Canadian $1.3733 from C$1.3728.