USA: Large chain stores post higher earnings.Large chain stores post higher earnings.Dayton Hudson Corp. said Tuesday its earnings almost quadrupled in the second quarter, aided by cost cuts and profits from its Target discount unit, while speciality retailers Limited Inc. and AnnTaylor Stores Corp. posted more modest improvements.Dayton Hudson, the nation's fourth-largest retailer, said earnings jumped to $101 million, or 42 cents a share, from $28 million, or 11 cents a share, a year earlier. Revenues rose 10 percent to $5.75 billion."Our second-quarter results reflect exceptional profit performance at Target and a significant turnaround in profitability at Mervyn's," said Bob Ulrich, chairman and chief executive of Minneapolis-based Dayton Hudson.Target, the company's discount store chain, posted profits of $240 million for the quarter, up 66 percent, which exceeded analysts' expectations. The gain was fuelled by expense cuts, fatter price mark-ups and robust sales."It's very clear Target is the main engine in terms of top-line sales and bottomline growth" at Dayton Hudson, said Saul Yaari of Piper Jaffray Inc.Target's comparable-store sales, or sales at stores open a year, rose 7 percent, outpacing larger rivals Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Kmart Corp., Yaari said.Sales at Dayton Hudson's troubled Mervyn's unit, a chain of 299 department stores that competes with J.C. Penney Stores and Sears, declined, but profits climbed.Dayton Hudson has vowed to turn around Mervyn's earnings or to consider restructuring the division, which many analysts interpreted to mean it might sell the business.So far this year, the company has followed through on its promise. Mervyn's profits jumped to $54 million in the second quarter from $3 million although comparable-store sales fell 5 percent.Results did not improve at the company's third division, which includes regional department store chains Marshall Field's, Dayton's and Hudson's. Profits at the unit fell about 58 percent to $10 million.Other retailers, meanwhile, reported improved profits despite sluggish sales.New York-based AnnTaylor rebounded to a profit of $627,000, or 3 cents a share, in the quarter from a loss of $3.8 million, or 16 cents a share, a year earlier.Total sales rose 2.3 percent to $187.9 million, but comparable-store sales fell 8.7 percent.Like other retailers, AnnTaylor ordered less summer merchandise this year to avoid big end-of-the-season sales. But the lack of clearance sales made it tough to attract customers and sales suffered, analysts said.Limited, the Columbus, Ohio,-based speciality chain, said its profits rose to $33.2 million, or 12 cents a share, from $28.7 million, or 10 cents a share, a year ago.The retailer's lingerie and toiletries division, Intimate Brands Inc., recorded a 23-percent increase in earnings of $48.1 million, or 19 cents a share. Limited sold 17 percent of Intimate Brands to the public last year.Business at Limited's women's apparel chains, including Express, Limited and Lerner store chains, was disappointing, Limited said."It seems whenever they get things rolling at one division, things get tough at another," said Anita Gallitano of Alex. Brown & Sons Inc.At Dayton Hudson, results at Mervyn's improved for the second consecutive quarter.Since last year's results were depressed by massive clearance sales, it has been somewhat easy for Mervyn's to top year-ago profits, analysts said. The bigger challenge will come next year, when Mervyn's will have fewer options for cutting costs and will have to rely on sales growth to boost profits.Mervyn's weak performance has been a thorn in Dayton Hudson's side for three years. Pressure mounted this spring on Chief Executive Ulrich to fix the division's woes after the company rejected a bid from J.C. Penney to acquire Dayton Hudson for about $6.8 billion.While Mervyn's earnings are expected to improve even more in the second half of the year, the division is not out of the woods yet, analysts said."I don't think the pressure is off at all," said Richard Church of Smith Barney. "They're getting some good expense savings, but they're not seeing the strategy translate to improved earnings at Mervyn's and the department stores."