USA: BASEBALL-CAMINITI GRAND SLAM LEADS PADRES PAST EXPOS.BASEBALL-CAMINITI GRAND SLAM LEADS PADRES PAST EXPOS.Ken Caminiti hit a grand slam in the first inning and added a two-run single in the second and Scott Sanders carried a no-hitter into the seventh as the San Diego Padres coasted past the Montreal Expos 7-3 Monday.Caminiti blasted a 1-1 pitch over the right-centre field wall for his career-high 27th home run and fourth career grand slam. It was his second grand slam this season.Caminiti has been suffering from a case of dehydration and received treatment earlier in the day."I'm trying not to do too much at the plate," Caminiti said. "I'm just trying to hit the ball and stay back on the pitches. I'm actually thinking opposite field. It's great to be home, it's the first night in a while I got any sleep."The Padres, playing their first true home game since August 4, have won three of four following a three-game losing streak. San Diego completed a three-game series against the Mets in Monterrey, Mexico, on Sunday.Sanders (6-4) held Montreal hitless through the first six innings, allowing only a one-out walk to Darrin Fletcher in the second. But with two out in the seventh, Fletcher singled sharply to right."Anytime I can get a lead that early it's great," Sanders said. "I just go out there and throw strikes."I honestly didn't know (about the no-hitter), it's probably better that I didn't. When everybody cheered me in the seventh after the hit by Fletcher, I was wondering what was going on. When I got back and saw the hit on the board I knew."Sanders gave up two runs and three hits with one walk and eight strikeouts over eight innings.Pedro Martinez (10-8) took the loss.The Padres took a half-game lead over the idle Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League West with the victory.Dave Silvestri hit a two-run homer for the Expos, who have dropped four of five.In Chicago, Kevin Brown pitched seven scoreless innings and Gary Sheffield and Devon White each drove in a pair of runs as the Florida Marlins snapped a three-game losing streak with a 4-3 victory over the Cubs.Brown (12-10) allowed four hits, struck out eight and walked none to lower his major league-leading earned run average to 1.90. Brown posted his 100th career victory.Robb Nen recorded the final five outs for his 25th save.Amaury Telemaco (5-7) gave up three runs and three hits before leaving with shoulder stiffness with one out in the second. Four Cubs relievers combined to allow one run and four hits thereafter.Sammy Sosa blasted a two-run homer, his career-best 40th of the season. It is the 12th time a Cub has hit that many, the last being Ryne Sandberg (40) in 1990.In Houston, Sean Berry's bases-loaded walk from Ramon Morel (2-1) with one out in the bottom of the 13th forced home Brian Hunter, who had led off with a double, to give the Astros a 2-1 squeaker over the Pittsburgh Pirates.Alvin Morman (2-1) pitched a scoreless 13th for the Astros, who have won seven of their last 11 games.Pittsburgh took a 1-0 lead in the sixth on a solo homer by Jeff King, his 24th. The Astros tied the game an inning later when third baseman Charlie Hayes' throwing error allowed Hunter to score.Houston set team records by drawing 14 walks and leaving 20 runners on base.In San Francisco, Marvin Benard hit a game-tying homer and Tom Lampkin singled home Barry Bonds, who had singled and stolen second, for the go-ahead run in the seventh to lift the Giants to a 5-4 victory over the New York Mets.Rod Beck came on in the ninth and gave up one-out singles to Bernard Gilkey and Todd Hundley, putting them on first and third. But Beck notched his 27th save by inducing Carlos Baerga to hit into a game-ending double play.Bonds hit his 35th homer, a three-run shot, in the first. It was the third straight game in which Bonds homered in the first, the second time Bonds had a three-game home run streak and the sixth time of his career.Tim Scott (4-5) got the win despite allowing a run and two hits over two innings of relief. Pete Harnisch (8-9) took the loss.Gilkey went 4-for-4, including three doubles, and drove in two runs for the Mets.In Cincinnati, Walt Weiss hit a two-run homer and drove in three runs and Larry Walker added a solo homer and two RBI as the Colorado Rockies defeated the Reds 6-3 in the rubber game of a five-game series.Colorado starter Mark Thompson (6-8) allowed two runs and six hits over 7 2/3 innings, striking out four without a walk.Mark Portugal (8-9) took the loss.