UK: FOCUS - FX market alert on rates ahead of Buba, Fed.FOCUS - FX market alert on rates ahead of Buba, Fed.Currency markets were on red alert for central bank rate manoeuvres on Tuesday after German money supply growth slowed, but players expected steady U.S. credit policy after the Federal Reserve meeting later in the day.The German mark gave back some territory recently seized from its European satellites and saw its losses accelerate after German July M3 growth came in at 8.6 percent, down from June's 9.6 percent and at the lower end of analysts' expectations.Economists said the figure nourished speculation that the Bundesbank would trim its repo rate after Thursday's council meeting, the first since the bank's summer recess.The dollar held steady against the mark, but was unable to make headway as traders awaited the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting with no expectations of a rate move.Dealers and analysts said the market was pricing in a 10 to 15 basis-point reduction in the 3.3 percent German repo rate later this week. But some warned against complacency.Nick Stamenkovic, economist at DKB International in London, recalled that the market had been widely anticipating a repo cut before the summer recess, only to be disappointed."Lingering in the back of the market's mind is that the Bundesbank is saying one thing but might do another," he said.Peter Heath, senior dealer at Merita Bank, saw danger for European peripheral currencies whatever the Bundesbank decided."The risk is if there's no change the mark will strengthen again," he said. "If they do cut by 10 or 15 points, the market will say this is the base (in rates) and buy marks on that."While debate bubbled over German monetary moves, there was widespread confidence the U.S. would leave rates untouched.Just a few weeks ago, Fed tightening was considered a foregone conclusion. But a spate of inflation-benign U.S. data triggered a sea change in opinion -- although whispers of a possible Fed rate rise as a pre-emptive strike against inflation have not died away completely."It's hard to find anyone looking for a Fed tightening today," said Jeremy Hawkins, senior economic adviser at BankAmerica. "There's a very small risk of a hike and the main focus now is whether the Fed has to move at all this year."Fed inaction now does not mean the prospect of U.S. credit tightening is dead and buried, analysts said. A Reuters poll of 30 economists showed none expected a policy change on Tuesday, but 19 saw the Fed hiking rates by the end of the year.The dollar was quoted at 1.4895 marks by midsession, barely changed from Monday's late European level of 1.4881.The mark eased to 3.4173 French francs and 1,018.50 lire from Monday's closes of 3.4218 and 1,020.22 respectively.One more vital piece of German data is due before the Bundesbank meets on Thursday. The market will scrutinise the July business climate index from Germany's influential Ifo institute, out on Wednesday, for a last rate clue.Economists predict at best a small improvement in the index, seeing it inching up to 91.0 after hitting a three-month low of 90.4 in June. A soft number would stoke easing speculation.The Bank of France monetary policy council also meets this week, but most economists do not anticipate a rate cut. However, easing by the Bundesbank would boost the chances of a near-term French rate reduction, they said.