USA: US Treasuries end little changed, Fed holds rates.US Treasuries end little changed, Fed holds rates.U.S. Treasuries ended little changed on Tuesday after the Federal Reserve held a policy meeting and decided to leave interest rates unchanged.The outcome of the Fed meeting had been widely anticipated. A brief selling flurry emerged in mid-afternoon when the market learned that the Fed, indeed, had not altered rates. But nearly all of a quarter-point slide in the 30-year long bond was quickly erased and the yield on the bellwether 6-3/4 percent issue ended at 6.80 percent, just where it was at midday on Tuesday and unchanged from Monday's close.  "This was one of the few times in history that traders and economists all agreed on what would happen and were right," said Carol Stone, senior economist at Nomura Securities.Matthew Alexy, chief markets strategist at CS First Boston, agreed that the outcome of the Fed's Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) policy meeting was not surprising."It certainly came as no shock to investors," he said. Alexy said the market reacted to the unchanged policy in early August when the "triggers" for a Fed tightening as described by Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan in his July Humphrey-Hawkins testimony came in benign.  Those "triggers" were the second-quarter Employment Cost Index (ECI), the July National Association of Purchasing Management (NAPM) index, and the July U.S. employment report.Moreover, Alexy argued that recent economic data have begun to suggest that the Fed would leave interest rates unchanged for the rest of the year. In fact, he said, it is "very difficult" to predict in which direction the Fed would move were it to alter rates next year.William Griggs, managing director of Griggs & Santow Inc, said that with the Fed policy meeting behind it, the market's attention will shift to upcoming economic data and politics.  But Griggs said if August economic data "come back strong, as we think it will, it will raise questions in the market's mind about whether the Fed would go ahead and make a firming move right in front of the (U.S. presidential) election.The FOMC next meets on September 24.Griggs said he does not expect the Fed to raise interest rates then but he said the market "will become more defensive," pushing market interest rates higher.Alexy, however, foresees lower market interest rates. He sees bond yields easing to a range between 6.75 percent and 6.625 percent near term.  "Out into the middle of September, before the elections, the long bond will trade close to 6-1/2 percent and the two-year note very close to 5.65 percent or so," Alexy said in a Tuesday afternoon conference call.Early in the trading session, the market appeared to get a modest boost from the government's report showing that the U.S. trade gap shrank 23 percent in June to $8.1 billion.The Bank of Tokyo/Mitsubishi and Lynch, Jones & Ryan Redbook reports showed a slight slowdown in the pace of store sales during the second week of August and provided some support to the market, said analysts at MMS International.  The market gets July durable goods orders data on Friday but mostly, until the August NAPM and U.S. payrolls report due the first week of September, what is on the market's mind is "vacation," said Marilyn Schaja, money market economist at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette."It's going to be very quiet over the next couple of week," said Schaja. "A lot of people are out this week and more are going to be out next week."At the close, three- and six-month bill rates were down two and four basis points to 5.03 percent and 5.10 percent, respectively. The one-year bill rate fell three basis points to 5.31 percent.The 6-1/4 percent two-year note ended unchanged at 100-17/32, its yield at 5.95 percent.Five-year notes ended unchanged at 101-8/32, yielding 6.33 percent.The 10-year note closed up 1/32 to 103-2/32, yielding 6.57 percent.The benchmark 6-3/4 30-year Treasury bond closed at 99-12/32, down 1/32, its yield at 6.80 percent, unchanged from Monday's close.--N.A. Treasury desk, 212-859-1679