USA: US CREDIT MARKET OUTLOOK - Home on a range.US CREDIT MARKET OUTLOOK - Home on a range.U.S. credit markets will likely remain rangebound on Wednesday as players focus on scant fresh economic data and the annoucement of the monthly supply of two- and five-year notes, analysts said."I think we're going to consolidate for a while ... people are going over the next week or so start thinking about things that might influence the Fed at their next meeting," said Gary Thayer, senior economist at A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc.The Federal Reserve's Open Market Committee met on Tuesday and decided, as expected, to keep interest rates unchanged.  The federal funds rate was kept at 5.25 percent. The Federal Open Market Committee will meet next on September 24.Analysts said the market's next main hurdles will be the employment report (Sept 6) and the National Association of Purchasing Management index on (Sept 3). Both indicators are for the month of August."The employment and the NAPM are going to be two very key indicators," Thayers said. "But between now and then I think that if we were to see continued strength on commodity prices or a weaking of the dollar, that could be something the market would be focusing on too," he added.  On Wednesday, the market will take in import and export prices for July at 1000 EDT/1400 GMT. Later in the day, players will get the federal budget figures for July.A Reuters survey of economists show they expect the data, due out at 1400 EDT/1800 GMT, to stay at a negative $25.2 billion against a positive $34.1 billion in June.The Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City survey is also due out on Wednesday at 1000 EDT/1400 GMT."We'll have some data tomorrow, but they really are not expect to move the market. I guess we're still in a range here," said a trader at a U.S. investment bank.  Analysts see the yield on the 30-year T-bonds ranging between 6.75 percent and 6.85 percent on Wednesday.Market watchers will also keep a very close eye on the annoucement of fresh supply on Wednesday, when the Treasury will set its monthly two- and five-year note auctions.Analysts expect the Treasury to sell roughly $18.75 bilion in two-year notes and $12.5 billion in five-year securities.Josh Stiles, senior bond strategist at consulting firm I.E.D.E., said there is a growing sentiment in the market that the Federal Reserve might keep interest rates steady throughout the year of 1996.  Stilles added that "the only way you could justify the two-year note getting underwritten below six percent and the five-year note below 6-3/8 percent is if that idea gets and retains more popularity."Otherwise, Stiles said the two's and five's would have to back up and put a little risk back into the yields in order to lure new buyers to the auctions.On Tuesday, the 30-year bond spent the day in a lull to trade down 1/32 at 99-12/32 in late trade. Its yield was at 6.80 percent.  The Fed refrained from operations in the open market on Tuesday. The federal funds rate is seen opening at 5.13 percent on Wednesday, analysts said.-- (212) 859-1676