USA: Fed's gift to emerging markets - steady U.S. rates.Fed's gift to emerging markets - steady U.S. rates.By keeping U.S. interest rates steady, the Federal Reserve gave an indirect boost to emerging market assets, which should see a continued inflow of foreign capital in search of higher yields.The Fed's job of fine-tuning U.S. rates may have kept the developing world on edge, but U.S. monetary policy has brought consistent rewards to the recovering emerging markets."A stable U.S. interest rate environment would continue to be supportive for net capital emerging markets," said Nathan Sandler, portfolio manager at Trust Company of the West.  The dentist in Dayton, Ohio and the truck driver in Tallahassee, Florida may not be aware but their pension funds were more likely to include the debts of emerging nations.Steady U.S. monetary policy should mean that mainstream U.S. investors --  pension funds, insurance companies -- would pursue the emerging markets for the higher yields available.Many U.S. institutional investors were setting aside one to three percent of their bond portfolio to the emerging markets, and the allocations seem bound to increase.  "We think that the marginal buyer will continue to be swayed to the emerging fixed income markets as a way to enhance yield and expand their investment horizons," said John Hague, portfolio manager at PIMCO, which dedicates about $2.5 billion of an $80 billion bond portolio to the emerging markets.For portfolio managers to meet expected returns, many have been forced to turn to the emerging markets.For months, emerging market traders have cited anecdotal evidence that new players putting their money into play in assets from Buenos Aires to Quito.  By Monday, the JP Morgan Emerging Market Bond Index year-to-date was up more than 18 percent for Latin American markets and a whopping 39.5 percent for non-Latins, compared with the Lehman Government Bond Index's return of negative 1.55 percent this year as of July 31.The bullishness in emerging markets could be stalled by a fright such as took place when Mexico botched a devaluation in December 1994, and set off a global capital flight.But analysts saw this scenario as unlikely and described the market as having matured from those intemperate days.  The stable U.S. rate climate, coupled with the Brady bond rally, should also mean that Latin American investors who took their money out of the emerging markets during 1995 will continue to let their funds flow back."Foreign investors are seeking sources of higher yield in their home countries," said John Krey, chief investment strategist at Barclays Private Banking. "They are very interested in bringing back some of their money into their home countries."The Fed's policy move will likely extend the Brady bond market's rally, and further the transition of the market from a speculative play into the mainstream."Emerging market bonds are coming in from the periphery of the global fixed income markets and are becoming much more of a mainstream portfolio holding," said Sandler.-- 212-859-1671