USA: American Airlines hopeful on U.S.-British air pact.American Airlines hopeful on U.S.-British air pact.AMR Corp's American Airlines said it was optimistic that the United States and Britain would reach an "open skies" aviation agreement, despite a report that British officials were taking a tough line in the negotiations."There's just too much benefit on both sides of the Atlantic. Open skies is just too good for all sides," said American Airlines spokesman Tim Smith said.The Financial Times newspaper on Tuesday quoted British officials as complaining that U.S. negotiators were not prepared to yield any ground in the talks.  The news report also said the British government would not agreed to an open skies pact modeled after a similar agreement reached between the U.S. and Germany.American Airlines said its proposed transatlantic alliance with British Airways is contigent on the U.S. and Britain reaching an open skies agreement. The Fort Worth, Texas-based air carrier said such a pact would increase competition and benefit both British and U.S.-based airlines.American declined to comment on whether the open skies pact now under negotiation should resemble the U.S.-German agreement.  "It's not our place to set criteria. Each side will come to an agreement on what they believe open skies to be," Smith said.Talks are set to resume in Washington on August 28-29, but the U.S. Department of Transportation said the session would also address sides issues such as dispute procedures.A later round, set for September in London, will tackle contentious issues such as access to London's Heathrow Airport and a U.S. demand to use Britain as a stop-over for flights between the United States and third countries - so-called "fifth freedom" rights.  Industry consultants said those two issues remain the biggest stumbling blocks.Edward Starkman of the Starkman Airline Report said it was too early to say how closely a final U.S.-Anglo pact would resemble the deal with Germany."It's going to be a long battle, even if it is solvable, which I'm not sure it is," Starkman said.He also said British negotiators may be "posturing" in taking a tough line, as the Financial Times reported."It's all part of the negotiating process. Each side, when they get frustrated, go to the press," Starkman said.British Airways said Tuesday that it was still hopefull that Britain and the United States would reach an agreement.British Airways shares slipped five pence to 530p in London on Tuesday, while AMR's shares in New York rose 5/8 to 84-5/8.-- New York Newsdesk 212 859-1610