USA: Fed seen wary of raising US rates before election.Fed seen wary of raising US rates before election.Mixed economic data and a touch of political pressure might be the recipe for steady monetary policy through the U.S. presidential election on November 5 pundits and former Federal Reserve officials said.Members of the Federal Open Market Committee are expected to be careful as they juggle upcoming key data, such as the August employment report on September 6, and the vicissitudes of the political race for the White House."Every member of that FOMC is going to be very careful," said Preston Martin, a former Fed vice chairman.  "That means that the odds build up about no action. No action is safer than some action," added Martin, currently the chairman of HomeVest Financial Services Inc in San Francisco.The Fed opted to hold short-term rates steady on Tuesday during the year's fifth meeting of its policy-setting arm. The central bank's target for the federal funds rate remains at 5.25 percent. The discount rate is unchanged at 5.0 percent.Analysts said the latest string of economic indicators painted a blurry economic outlook. Without clear signs that inflation is heating up, they said, the Federal Reserve will probably stand pat until the picture clears.  "I think they will stand still and await clarification on where the economy is going," said Lyle Gramley, a former Fed governor and currently an economist at the Mortgage Bankers Association of America.How long could that take? "Well, I think the Fed will move sometime later this year... It may well be until very late this year, possibly even December, before the Fed knows for sure whether it needs to move or not," Gramley added.But Gramley believes the U.S. economy is fundamentally strong and "some tightening will be necessary down the road."  Martin agreed that the Fed is likely to remain on hold, "not just because of the election, but because this (current economic scene) is a central banker nirvana."Martin cited a positive inflation outlook as one of the main reasons keeping the Fed on hold over the next few months.Recent economic indicators suggested consumer spending and the labor market are heating up in August. Meanwhile, signs of a slowing manufacturing sector with scant evidence of incipient inflation are seen as offsetting growth signals.  "Before the Fed can either raise or cut interest rates in an election year, they better have a solid economic justification for doing that," said Sung Won Sohn, chief economist at Norwest Corp."Without the justifications, they would rather wait," he added.Pundits said current legislative efforts to alter the Fed's official mandate will also encourage FOMC members to be careful before making a decision to change monetary policy.  Earlier this month, Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, an adviser to Republican presidential candidate Bob Dole, has urged changing the law that gives the Fed a dual mandate to fight inflation and promote maximum employment.Bennett and Sen. Connie Mack, R-Fla are co-sponsoring a bill that would make fighting inflation the U.S. central bank's only mandate."There is pending legislation to change the objectives of the Fed and there has been informal discussion about changing the role that Federal Reserve Bank presidents play, since they are not confirmed by the Senate," Martin said.  "So the FOMC members will be careful about the appearance of overzealousness or on the other hand disregard of ... inflation," Martin said.In the event of an interest rate hike, analysts said the Clinton campaign would have more to lose than Republican challenger Bob Dole.But then again, it would be hard for the Clinton administration to criticize any possible Fed action just a few months after the president nonimated Alan Greenspan as the Fed chairman for a fresh four-year mandate."If Mr. Greenspan were to raise rates, I think Mr. Clinton would get hurt ... That would put the Administration in an awkward position," Sohn's said.Thus, analysts said the relationship among the White House, the Treasury and the Fed has usually been very amicable, ranging from weekly breakfasts to tennis matches."The Fed would never surprise the Treasury. There is frequent contact between Fed and White House and Treasury officials," Martin said. "I used to play tennis with those guys. The Fed has a tennis court, amazingly enough."However, the mere fact a presidential race was underway has not prevent the Fed from shifting monetary policy in the past. If needed, the Fed could hike rates as soon as September, analysts agreed.Recent history shows the Fed raised rates during the presidential campaigns in 1980 (Aug 22) and in 1988 (Aug 9), analysts noted.-- (212) 859-1676