USA: Steady rates show no Fed concern over jobless rate.Steady rates show no Fed concern over jobless rate.The Federal Reserve's decision to leave interest rates unchanged indicates the U.S. central bank does not see a strict causality between low unemployment and inflation, analysts said on Tuesday."(Fed Chairman Alan) Greenspan has been very clear that whatever is the level of unemployment, or the operating rate in manufacturing, or the consensus for trend growth, the Fed does not need to have any particular view on these issues," said Salomon Brothers senior economist Bob DiClemente. "What the Fed does is respond to symptoms of inflation."  In a much-expected decision, the Federal Open Market Committee left the 5.25-percent federal funds rate and the 5.0-percent discount rate unchanged at its meeting on Tuesday."If the unemployment rate is low and there still are none of these (inflation) symptoms, there is no pressing need to tighten," DiClemente pointed out. "Otherwise, why would have they eased in January when the unemployment rate was low."The Fed last cut the funds rate on January 31 amid signs the economy might have been sliding into a recession though the jobless rate remained below 6.0 percent -- a level believed by a school of economists to fuel inflationary pressures.  "I don't think they have ever been guided by any preconception about the NAIRU (non-accelerating inflation rate of unemployment) or any statiscal measure of where the economy is. They are guided by circumstantial evidences that tell them the economy is either developing strains or is not," DiClemente added.Financial markets feared a jobless rate around 5.5 percent and a Gross Domestic Product around 3.0 percent in the first half of 1996 would boost inflation risks and prompt a Fed response. A number of economists have estimated the Fed would frown upon GDP growth above the 2.0- to 2.25-percent range.  "There has been some evidence of strains developing into the beginning of the year but this has not persisted into the summer," DiClemente also said. "It's very difficult to hang policy decisions on one or two indicators. We just lack the indicators of what drives inflation."But Goldman, Sachs and Co chief U.S. economist William Dudley said the FOMC decision only shows the Fed is stacking its bets on the economy slowing down in the coming months."As time passes, it should become apparent the economy maintains significant forward momentum and the risks of inflation are gradually rising," Dudley said.  Dudley stressed the Fed has not abandoned the notion high resource utilization generates inflation.The Goldman, Sachs chief economist put the odds of a tightening at "one in four in September" and said the chances of a rate hike next month would be higher if it were not for the Fed's reluctance to change policy between Labor Day and the November presidential elections.Dudley put at "above 50 percent" the odds of a Fed tightening on the first FOMC meeting following the elections, on November 13."The big issue is whether the economy grows at 2.0 percent or at 3.0 percent in the second half. If it's 3.0 percent, they'll move to tighten monetary policy," Dudley added."They view that the unemployment rate today is below the level consistent with stable inflation, though not far below. If the economy does not slow to trend, they'll pull the trigger."-- 212-859-1666