USA: US sugar growers see lower price under new quota.US sugar growers see lower price under new quota.U.S. sugar prices would run at unfairly low levels -- in the range of 21 cents per lb -- under a proposed formula for setting the import quota, growers said Tuesday."The real question is price," Dalton Yancy, speaking for growers' groups in Texas and Florida, said of the plan unveiled last week.  Yancy said the formula, which would allow up to 2.7 million short tons or 2.475 million tonnes, of imported sugar during fiscal 1997, would lower U.S. prices to about 21 cents per lb.USDA officials told the International Sweetener Symposium, sponsored by the American Sugar Alliance, that the proposed formula would result in a more efficient and "transparent" decision-making process on sugar imports.Democrat Alcee Hastings, who represents part of Florida's sugar cane region in the House, said he opposed the plan because it would result in prices below 22 cents per lb.  "I think that (opposition) is where the growers' interests would lie," Hastings told reporters at the symposium.USDA analyst Stephen Hammond said there was no official estimate of likely U.S. prices as part of the proposal.It would allocate 1.875 million tonnes, or 2,066,834 tons, of imports at the October 1 start of the fiscal year. In November, February and May, the department would assess likely supply and use of sugar and decide whether to allocate an additional 200,000 tonnes of imports or cancel 200,000 tonnes.Analysts said it was likely all the quarterly increases would be approved.  With U.S. use estimated at 10.225 million tons in fiscal 1997 and output of 7 million tons, 2.7 million tons of imports would result in end stocks of 1.4 million tons, a slight increase from 1996, and a stocks to use ratio of 14 percent.USDA said it would accept comment on the proposal until August 30. A final decison on the fiscal 1997 tariff-rate quota was set for September 13.Under its proposal, if the projected stocks-to-use ratio was below 15.5 percent at the time of the November, March or May reviews, the additional quota would be allocated.  Lawrence Deal, president of the American Sugarbeet Growers Association, said the USDA proposal was trying to make marketing and processing more orderly."I like the concept. I think it has merit to it," Deal said. He declined to speculate the result on prices.Larry Walker, director of policy analysis for USDA's Farm Service Agency, said it was likely sugar imports would exceed 1.5 million tons per year through 2002. As a result, crop loans to farmers would operate on a nonrecourse basis.