AUSTRALIA: RTRS-PRESS DIGEST - Australian Sports News - Aug 21.RTRS-PRESS DIGEST - Australian Sports News - Aug 21.(Compiled for Reuters by Media Monitors)THE AUSTRALIANThe future of St Kilda coach Stan Alves will depend on a wide-ranging review by the AFL club, even though he has the support of club president Andrew Plympton to lead the Saints for a fourth season. Page 44.--The Australian Rugby Union faces a bill of A$1 million-plus following the Wallabies tour of Europe later this year. Players will receive at least A$30,000 each for the seven-week trip, with the Rugby Union Players Association set to organise further talk on tour payments. Page 44.--The Auckland Warriors board will attempt to make chief executive Ian Robson sign a new contract today which aims to contain his outspoken stance in support of Super League. However, Brian Blake, the chief executive of the rugby league club's major sponsor DB Breweries, has thrown his support behind Robson. Page 44.--THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALDTest veteran David Campese will switch from his favoured fullback position to the wing to make way for 20-year-old Randwick sensation Chris Latham to take up the position in Saturday's rugby union clash against Canberra. Latham is returning from a one-game suspension. Page 43.--Former Australian opening batsman Andrew Hilditch has won a position on the Australian selection panel, filling the vacancy caused by the departure of Geoff Marsh to take up the Australian cricket coaching position. However, fellow former opening batsman Steve Smith failed in his attempt to become a New South Wales selector. Page 44.--Despite being cleared by Athletics Australia on drug charges in time to compete in the Atlanta Olympics, the International Amateur Athletic Federation believes it has a watertight case against sprinter Dean Capobianco. A date will soon be set for an arbiration hearing of the case in Monte Carlo. Page 44.--THE AGESri Lanka's Daily News has criticised stand-in Australian cricket captain Ian Healy for making unsportsmanlike comments in his new book. The newspaper said on-field confrontations should not be publicised and Healy was just looking for some sensationalism in his book. Page C14.--Despite being down 21-16 at half-time, the Australian women's Paralympic basketball team yesterday fought back to narrowly beat the United States 31-27. Australia needed to win the game to stay in medal contention. Page C14.--After surrendering rides at yesterday's Kyneton meetings as well as today's Sandown races because of his failure to reduce his weight below 60 kg, one of Victoria's best jockeys, Danny Nikolic, announced continuing weight problems had forced him ou of the spring racing carnival. Page C16.--HERALD SUNMelbourne chief Ian Ridley has warned the AFL that the proposed Melbourne-Hawthorn merger will fail unless key decisions are agreed to, including an extension on the salary cap in the first three years, the right to trade in the first draft and the right o choose any 44 players the new club wants. Page 76.--Despite receiving an offer from Port Power, estimated at more than A$1.2 million over four years, Footscray's best player, Chris Grant, is expected to sign a new contract within the next few days. The AFL club is believed to have offered the 23-year-old veteran of 142 games a contract worth more than A$400,000. Page 80.--Brisbane Bears president Noel Gordon could face an automatic A$2,000 fine for criticising the AFL tribunal, after lashing out at the tribunal's decisions to clear Gary Ablett, Wayne Carey and Paul Couch of charges, while suspending Brisbane player Darryl Wite for two weeks for kicking. Page 80.--THE DAILY TELEGRAPHThe first Australian National Basketball League player to make the transition to the U.S. NBA, Shane Heal has signed for three years with the Minnesota Timberwolves for a reported A$1.5 million, after impressing Minnesota with his loyalty to NBL club the Sydney Kings. Page 74.--After losing to Newcastle last Sunday, rugby league club Sydney City will receive a boost this week with the possible return of captain Brad Fittler and the return of fullback Ivan Cleary, winger Darren Junee and second-rower Luke Ricketson. Fittler will be closely monitored at training this week to see if he is ready for an earlier-than-expected comeback from a groin injury. Page 72.--Soccer Australia president Neville Wran has been called upon to mediate in the dispute between Soccer Australia and Ericcson Cup clubs Marconi, Sydney United and Melbourne Knights over their refusal to remove European nationalist symbols from club logos. Page 72.-- Reuters Sydney Newsroom 61-2 373-1800