LIBERIA: Liberian militia returns heavy weapons.Liberian militia returns heavy weapons.A Liberian faction at the centre of bloody street battles in Liberia's capital Monrovia in April and May has returned heavy weapons seized from peacekeepers in earlier fighting, a U.N. envoy said on Tuesday.The return of the weapons by the ethnic-Krahn ULIMO-J faction coincided with the deadline for a halt to all fighting under the latest deal to end a civil war that has killed more than 150,000 people.The West African peacekeepers and a special U.N. representative expressed optimism that a truce would take hold but there was no independent confirmation of what was happening outside the capital."We are hopeful that people will keep to their words in keeping with the Abuja accord and we have reasons to believe that they will comply with what they agreed," U.N. envoy Anthony Nyakyi of Tanzania told Reuters.Nyakyi said that ULIMO-J, which rallied to sacked government minister Roosevelt Johnson with other Krahn factions in April when rivals tried to arrest him for murder, had returned two pieces of artillery to the Nigerian-led peacekeeping force.The faction seized the weapons during fighting around the western town of Tubmanburg in December and January, when dozens of peacekeepers were killed or taken prisoner."This is a significant sign that the ceasefire will hold in western Liberia," Nyakyi said, adding that the United Nations did not have enough military observers to monitor the truce effectively but would do the best it could.The peace deal, agreed by West African leaders in Nigeria's capital Abuja on Saturday, envisages disarmament of an estimated 60,000 fighters and elections in the middle of next year. It includes the threat of individual sanctions, including war crime trials, against any faction leader impeding progress.Over a dozen peace deals have failed to end the war launched by faction leader Charles Taylor and his National Patriotic Front of Liberia in late 1989. Taylor is one of two vice-chairmen of an interim ruling State Council.The Liberia Peace Council, another Krahn faction, accused Taylor's forces on Saturday of attacking its positions in the southeast in Grand Gedeh County. Taylor has not responded and there has been no independent confirmation of the allegation.A spokesman for the peacekeepers, who deployed in central Monrovia in May to end the fighting and looting that killed hundreds of people, expressed hope that a truce would take hold thoughout the country.The spokesman was optimistic that the threatened sanctions would force compliance. "These threats will go a long way in helping to implement the peace agreement. Another reason is that everybody seems to be serious about going to elections and to hold elections they must disarm."Freed American slaves founded Liberia in 1847.West African leaders, meeting in Abuja on Saturday, named former Liberian senator Ruth Perry to chair the council.Under the deal, peacekeepers will start disarming the fighters in September. The operation is due to be finished by November. Elections, which should have taken place this month under the previous deal, are currently scheduled for May.