RUSSIA: Russians trap civilians, cutting Grozny escape route.Russians trap civilians, cutting Grozny escape route.Russian troops cut a major escape route from Grozny on Tuesday, trapping thousands of civilians frantically trying to flee a threatened allout military bombardment from Thursday.The troops apparently aimed to close the route to Chechen fighters holed up in the city. But they stranded civilians in a perilous area between rebel and Russian lines which has been shelled heavily in the last few days.About 30 well-armed Interior Ministry soldiers with armoured personnel carriers (APCs) swept through the dusty village of Alkhan-Yurt on the southwest fringe of the Chechen capital.They took up positions near a ramshackle bridge that was one of the few points of passage for thousands of refugees on Tuesday."They started shooting up the bridge with grenades when they got down there and everyone turned back," said one woman who managed to cross from the Grozny side just before the Russians moved in. Sporadic explosions could be heard from the vicinity.Western journalists who visited the bridge in the early evening saw the bodies of two civilians on the Grozny side.A Chechen rebel spokesman had accused troops of blowing up the crossing at 3.30 p.m. (1130 GMT), killing many civilians.But at the bridge, a precarious structure of metal plates balanced on rusting steel tubes, there was no evidence of this later in the afternoon. Russian officials denied the charge.The troops' arrival, however, halted the flow of refugees, many of them old folk who had hobbled for several kilometres (miles) from Grozny, which was seized by the rebels on August 6.The soldiers, who were extremely agitated, searched refugees and forced men to lie on the ground. A number complained they were robbed of some of the few possesions they had been able to take along as they fled their homes."They shoved me onto the ground and ripped my gold ring off. Then they took my wallet with $300 in it," one man said.One of the APCs trained its cannon on us."Out of the car!" screamed one of the blue-camouflaged soldiers, sticking his Kalashnikov assault rifle in my face."You damn journalists! Don't you have enough blacks in your own country? You've come here to defend these black arses we're trying to wipe out. I could kill you now if I wanted to," he told me, prodding my stomach with the barrel of the gun.Russian troops use such racist terms for the dark-skinned peoples of the Caucasus, including Chechens.Just a couple of metres (yards) from where we were standing, some of his comrades opened fire on an open field nearby. I could not possibly guess what they were aiming at.The soldier, who reeked of alcohol, calmed down when offered a soft drink. "Now get the hell out of here," he grunted.Unlike the first days of the exodus from Grozny, when most were young or middle-aged who found cars, buses, even donkey carts to cram into, a great number are now frail elderly people on foot who had waited until the last moment to get out.Many in the chaotic crowd were driving cattle or bent over in exhaustion by the roadside under a blazing sun. Black smoke from fires burning in Grozny rose in the sky over their heads."I didn't want to leave home but everyone says they are going to bomb everything in the city," said a toothless old man with one leg whom we gave a lift to.A plump old woman, tears streaming down her cheeks, confronted the soldiers. "Why do you want to kill us?" she said.The sea of agonised faces was broken by a single crazed smile -- a mentally handicapped man being pushed through the dust in a wheelchair.