RUSSIA: Grozny people flee, rebel-Russian showdown looms.Grozny people flee, rebel-Russian showdown looms.Most of them were on the move; struggling along the road on foot, carrying small bags or nothing at all. But some just stood by the side of the road, their eyes glazed over in shock.Word of the threat by the commander of Russian troops to use all means at his disposal to flush Chechen fighters out of Grozny had spread like wildfire among local people who had clung to their battered homes through two weeks of fighting."To us it sounds like the Russians are going to flatten the city and leave nothing standing," said Alik Magishvili, his infant nephew on his back.The stream of refugees fleeing the fighting in the capital turned on Tuesday into a human flood."The whole city is on its way out. We've been in a basement for 14 or 15 days and couldn't stand it any more," said red-haired Nina Madayeva, carrying just a small handbag.The refugees looked drawn and pale, exhausted by daily bombardments and a lack of food and water. Many of them said the air raids threatened by General Konstantin Pulikovsky, who on Monday gave them 48 hours to escape, had already begun.Madayeva said 12 warplanes had bombed her southwestern district one after another at around 1 a.m. (2100 GMT Monday)."This is the destruction of the Chechen nation," she said.The fighters, on the other hand, seemed to be thriving on the Russian threat to bomb them to bits."Leave? We'll never leave," said Ruslan, whose group of about 30 fighters had just scattered when an artillery round hit close by. "The Russians will pay for what they have done."The rebels appeared to have more weapons than at the beginning of the conflict in December 1994. Then it took Europe's biggest army more than two months and hundreds of casualties to conquer the city. Thousands of civilians also died in the process."The fighters are coming into the city, not leaving it," said Rezvan Elbyev, driving a jeep full of fighters."We have seen everything the Russians can drop on us. We have enough power for the defence of Grozny. We have to defend our freedom and to do that there are 10 times more of us than in 1994," he said, brimming with confidence."We are all mortal. If we die, we die as heroes. We are death troops," he said, his voice like a machinegun, his green eyes darting back and forth. "The enemy will be smashed one way or another if he dares show his face in the city."In another part of Grozny, fighters in a jeep were putting green Islamic headbands on two unusual new recruits -- young women already touting Kalashnikov assault rifles.The threat of a new showdown sent more than 1,000 people heading for Chernorechye in the southwest, even though Pulikovsky said only the official corridor to the east was safe.Certainly, there were risks to leaving by the southwest. A group of Russian soldiers, clearly drunk, brandished their guns at civilians trying to escape. Some refugees complained they had been roughly handled and even robbed by troops.Many elderly people, some on crutches, were caught up in the crush to cross a ruined railway bridge which looked as if it might give way at any moment. A mentally handicapped man being pushed in a wheelchair gazed wildly about him.The people fleeing on Tuesday were those left after the younger, fitter and wealthier had fled in cars and buses. Yet there were still some who seemed unable, or unwilling, to leave.Most of those who remained in the city centre ran between buildings, dodging snipers and the regular crash of explosions which sounded from the east.Several old people just stood on the pavement near the deserted central market, staring vacantly into space.Amina Khadayeva, 27, said she would stay with her mother in their one-storey brick house in the city centre."Of course we're afraid. But my mother doesn't want to leave," she said. "Our house was looted last time we left. If we leave now there'll be nothing left when we come back."