MEXICO: Sanyo official freed in Mexico after ransom paid.Sanyo official freed in Mexico after ransom paid.A "tired but apparently unharmed" Japanese electronics executive was freed by kidnappers on Monday after they received $2 million in unmarked $100 bills, government officials said.After nine days in captivity, Mamoru Konno, president of a U.S. subsidiary of Japan's Sanyo Electric Co., was found in the basement of an unoccupied building in this northern Mexican city just before 4 a.m. local time.Jose Luis Anaya Bautista, State Attorney General of Baja California, told a news conference the end of the abduction was a two-day ordeal in which the ransom was handed over with no apparent guarantee Konno would be released.He said on Saturday night an officer of Mexico's State Judicial Police drove a Sanyo company vehicle to the La Jolla section of Tijuana where he met two of the alleged kidnappers and handed over an envelope containing $2 million in unmarked $100 bills.At 10 p.m. on Monday night authorities received a call from the kidnappers directing them to an area in the La Mesa district of Tijuana where they found Konno "tired but apparently unharmed" in the basement of a disused building, he said.Anaya said police were looking for six suspects, all believed to be Mexican nationals."I was pleased to be able to talk to Mr. Konno and to tell him how happy we are to have him back with us safe and sound," Anaya said. "He was very grateful to us for having helped him."Konno was seized on Aug. 10 as he was traveling home to San Diego from a company party and baseball game in Tijuana.He was the first high-ranking foreign executive kidnapped in Mexico in recent years and his abduction fueled fears that criminals may target some of the thousands of foreign executives who work in factories along the Mexican-U.S. border.Sanyo North America President Moto Haru Iue said: "I express my sincere appreciation for all who helped bring about (Konno's) safe return. Mr. Konno is in good health and relieved it's over."But underscoring some of the doubts that have emerged since the kidnapping about the safety of working in Mexico, he said he did not know if Konno would return to work at the Tijuana plant. "We will have to consider security first," he said.Kidnappings are on the rise in Mexico, fueled partly by the December 1994 peso crisis and the subsequent deep recession, which threw more than a million people out of work. Experts say amateur and professional criminal gangs, former and current policemen and leftist rebels of the self-styled Popular Revolutionary Army are among the main suspects.Konno's release will remove a cloud over the visit to Mexico, set to begin on Tuesday, by Japanese Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto. Hashimoto will visit three other countries during a 10-day tour of Latin America.During the ordeal, Mexican police in Baja California had said they were not involved in any efforts to free Konno, saying they had been officially notified by Sanyo of his abduction.