CUBA: Cuba slams U.S. failure to return hijackers.Cuba slams U.S. failure to return hijackers.Cuba demanded on Tuesday that the United States hand back four Cubans who hijacked planes to flee the island, saying failure to do so could jeopardise existing immigration accords between the two countries.The Cuban Foreign Ministry criticised what it described as Washington's "traditionally concealing and weak attitude" towards such acts and its failure to return the four Cubans involved in two separate hijacking incidents, one in July and another last Friday."Only a firm and energetic attitude of rejection of these acts of piracy and the return of the pirates to Cuba can discourage the repetition of acts of this nature," the ministry said in a statement.It was the second Cuban statement in two days criticising the U.S. government for its handling of incidents involving Cubans who fled the communist-ruled island illegally to seek asylum in the United States.Havana wants Washington to abide by accords signed in 1994 and 1995 under which illegal Cuban emigrants picked up at sea or who cross to the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay in eastern Cuba should be returned to the island.The latest statement signalled growing Cuban irritation against the United States, but it did not mention Havana's decision last week to expel a U.S. diplomat, Robin Meyer, and Washington's retaliatory expulsion of a Cuban diplomat Monday.The expulsions added further tension to a relationship strained by Cuba's shooting down of two U.S. planes last February 24 and the introduction in March of U.S. legislation aimed at curbing foreign investment in Cuba.Cuba was angry that the United States had not handed back a former Interior Ministry officer, Jose Fernandez Pupo, who hijacked a Cuban commercial plane at gunpoint July 7 and sought asylum in the Guantanamo Bay base.In Friday's hijacking three Cubans forced the pilot of a small plane used for tourist trips to fly towards the west coast of Florida, where the aircraft ditched in the Gulf of Mexico. After being rescued, the hijackers asked for asylum, while the pilot said he wanted to return home.The Cuban Foreign Ministry described Pupo as a "traitor" and the three latest hijackers as "terrorists" and "delinquents." It said the three had used a gun and knives."Cuba demands the immediate return of all the hijackers," the ministry said, adding they should be tried in Cuban courts.It said that if the U.S. authorities chose to adopt a "weak attitude" to such incidents, they would be responsible for "the consequences this could have for the security of persons and air and naval traffic in the region".If Washington failed to honour the immigration accords, "this would undoubtedly constitute an important encouragement of air piracy and other criminal acts aimed at illegal emigration" from Cuba, the ministry statement said.