ARGENTINA: Dry winter may cut Argentine wheat sowing.Dry winter may cut Argentine wheat sowing.Dry weather in some northerly and inland zones of Argentina's grain belt may prevent farmers sowing as much wheat as they had hoped, according to some exporters and analysts.Government figures say farmers are aiming to sow seven million hectares with wheat this season, but dry weather has troubled fieldwork in Santa Fe, Cordoba and Entre Rios provinces.  "I don't see much more being sown," said Armando Casalins, of the Cereals Elevators Association, who expected total area to end up at around 6.5 million hectares. But Casalins said wheat already sown is in good condition and final wheat production should be somewhere near 14.5 million tonnes.One exporter said he thought about 6.2 million to 6.3 million hectares had already been sown with wheat or were certain to be sowed in areas which received good rains two weeks ago. But he thought the dry weather would mean that total area would only make 6.5 million or 6.6 million hectares.  He thought that farmers who initially planned wheat but have been frustrated so far by lack of rain will be tempted by other products such as maize, whose relative price has improved. But he warned that a shortage of maize seed may mean that some farmers may have to stick with wheat whatever the prices.The exporter said that wheat output should be around 14-14.5 million hectares. While some areas are suffering a dry spell, he was confident that yields would not be much affected."The lesson of last season is that wheat can recuperate pretty well," the exporter said.  But a second exporter was more concerned by the effect on yields of the dry weather."Entre Rios is in trouble, central and southern Santa Fe is in trouble, and Cordoba has problems," he said, adding that he thought output was likely to be between 13.5 million tonnes and 14 million tonnes. Until recently, many in the market were hoping for up to 15 million tonnes."That's still possible, but we'd need the weather to be perfect from now to make 15 million tonnes," the exporter said.  But he was more optimistic than some about area. "We think about 6.7 million hectares have already been sown, and that there are areas in the south that have not been accounted for. We think we'll make seven million hectares or just about."In its weekly crop report last Thursday, the Agriculture Secretariat said farmers had sown 6.4 million hectares with wheat by August 9.Light rains fell Tuesday morning in parts of Buenos Aires province, interrupting a late-winter heat wave which has seen temperatures of over 20 degrees celsius in the capital.  Argentina's 1995/96 wheat crop, which took a battering from a winter drought, produced only 9.2 million tonnes from about five million hectares.-- Buenos Aires Newsroom +541 318-0655