BELIZE: FEATURE - Belize battles to save jaguar.FEATURE - Belize battles to save jaguar.Ernesto Saqui warns visitors to the world's first jaguar reserve: "You may not see them but they will be watching you. They are everywhere."For these legendary hunters, revered by the Mayan Indians for their prowess and power, are notoriously elusive prowlers in the lush forests where they roam free."They are potentially capable of killing humans but they have never done so," says the director of the Cockscomb Basin wildlife sanctuary in the heart of the lush Central American land of Belize wedged between Mexico and Guatemala.Saqui also warns the 7,000 eager visitors who trek into the sanctuary every year to experience the jaguar's jungle habitat that sightings of the magnificent beast are very rare indeed."Jaguars are very shy as they are solitary and elusive. They prefer to be away from people," said Saqui, sitting outside his simple thatched cottage where he lives at the edge of the sanctuary.But he has seen the raw power of the jaguar up close. "It took my dog in the middle of the night. I saw the jaguar under the lights but couldn't get out in time to save the dog," he said.He has no qualms about bringing up his two tiny children in this Garden of Eden that is an environmentalist's paradise."They are 100 times safer here than they would be on the streets of New York. The natural world offers such peace," said the Mayan Indian who was once a schoolteacher but now runs the 100,000 acre (40,500 hectare) sanctuary.He is also forgiving: "Most jaguars that prey on domestic animals are sick. They may have a broken canine (tooth) or a paralysed eye so they turn to easier prey."He is in awe of the creature that means so much to his Mayan people."In the last year, I have seen three jaguars. Whenever you see one, there is a great sense of satisfaction. It is something sacred and very personal."For the Mayans, the jaguar symbolises power. We never used to kill jaguar except for the village induction of a leader. The blood was smeared on the head of the chief to give him strength," he said.The Belize government banned jaguar hunting in 1974 but ranchers and hunters kept poaching them.Then in 1982, pioneering young wildlife researcher Alan Rabinowitz came from New York to track where the jaguar might be thriving most.In two years of research, he managed to radio-collar six jaguars. He almost lost his life when the plane he was flying in to track them crashed into the jungle. He was lucky to escape with just a broken nose.Armed with his scientific data, Belize opened the world's first jaguar reserve in 1986."At the time there were just 20 left in the region. Now there are 60 to 80," said Saqui with a justifiable note of pride in his voice.But he warned: "In future the jaguar could become extinct in some areas, particularly in Guatemala and El Salvador. Development leads to destruction of its habitat."The jaguar, the largest spotted cat in the world, once roamed the Americas from Arizona to Argentina. Saqui said that today environmentalists can give no accurate figures on how many are left.With its dish-like eyes and sight six times more acute than a human's, the jaguar is a fearsome killing machine.With its lithe body, sharp pointed teeth and powerful shoulders, its name derived from the Mayan Indian word "yaguar" which means "He who kills with one leap."Walking through its rainforest habitat, it is easy to imagine you are being watched as dappled sunlight filters through the thick canopy of trees."The jaguars are everywhere. They follow you and are curious. They see you more than you see them," Saqui said.After a day spent walking the trails and bathing under forest waterfalls, visitors can spend the night in simple and cheap cabins.The first noise to greet you at dawn is the distinctive roar of the black howler monkeys which have been successfully re-introduced into the sanctuary after being virtually wiped out by yellow fever, poachers and a devastating hurricane.Saqui wants to convince the world that what he sees as a corner of heaven on earth is worth saving."If we are not careful, there will be nothing left. I would not want to live anywhere else. It is very, very peaceful. To live at the edge of a forest is wonderful."