MEXICO: Mexican phone firm has no U.S. word of Cuba action.Mexican phone firm has no U.S. word of Cuba action.Mexican telecommunications firm Grupo Domos, which has been hit by U.S. penalties for business ties with Cuba, said on Monday that it had not yet been officially notified of the State Department's ruling."We are awaiting the letters so that we can emit an opinion," Domos spokesman Hector Cuellar said in a telephone interview from Monterrey, northern Mexico. "If they were sent today, they should arrive soon."On Monday, the U.S. government said it would send letters to some six top Domos executives notifying them that they would be banned from the United States under the controversial Helms-Burton law if within 45 days the firm did not "divest" its business in Cuba.The law, which has been angrily protested by Mexico, Canada and several European countries, was aimed at tightening 35-year-old U.S. sanctions against Cuba.It threatened penalties against foreign investors deemed to be "trafficking" in properties confiscated by the Cuban government that were formerly owned by U.S. nationals or Cubans who later became U.S. citizens.Domos, based in Monterrey, owns some 37 percent of Cuba's national telephone company, which was confiscated from a unit of the U.S. company ITT after Fidel Castro seized power in 1959.Cuellar said that prior to the ruling, Domos CEO Javier Garza Calderon had said the company planned to continue its business in Cuba, arguing that Domos "does not own any properties (in Cuba) that were once confiscated."He said Domos paid $700 million for its stake in the phone company in 1994, and later sold 25 percent of its share to Italian telecommunications firm STET SpA for $291 million. STET has been warned by the United States it could also face penalties under the Helms-Burton law.Cuellar said the telephone business had boomed in Cuba in recent years. Calls have skyrocketed from some 400 a day in 1994 before the Clinton administration opened up phone traffic between Cuba and the United States, to about 60,000 a day.The price per call has dropped from around $7.80 per minute to $1.20 a minute over the same period, and Domos nets around $120 million a year from its Cuban investment, he said.