CUBA: U.S. diplomat expulsion is Cuba warning on meddling.U.S. diplomat expulsion is Cuba warning on meddling.Cuba's expulsion of a U.S. diplomat who had close links with Cuban anti-government dissidents seemed intended as a warning against foreign interference in its internal politics, Havana-based diplomats said on Monday.The diplomats, who asked not to be named, said they were not really surprised by the news on Monday of Havana's decision to revoke the visa last week of Robin Meyer, an officer at the U.S. Interests Section in Cuba who closely monitored the activities of Cuban dissidents and human rights activists."Many people thought that she had it coming," one diplomat said. Meyer, who was in the third year of her posting, was known to have been particularly active in her contacts and support for opponents of Cuba's one-party communist system.She had been singled out in the past by Cuban officials who publicly criticised what they said was help given by the U.S. Interests Section in Havana for Cuban dissident groups. Her activities meant that she had been closely watched by members of the Cuban state security services, diplomats said.The U.S. State Department said Cuba accused Meyer of "activities incompatible with her diplomatic status." This was usually a diplomatic term for spying, but Havana-based diplomats believed that in this case it was almost certainly her support for the dissidents that led to her being expelled.The U.S. government protested Meyer's expulsion and announced it was expelling a Cuban diplomat, Jose Luis Ponce, whose responsibilities at the Cuban Interests Section in Washington included handling press affairs. Cuba and the United States do not have formal diplomatic relations.Cuban officials had this year publicly slammed Meyer and other U.S. diplomats for transporting Cuban political dissidents in embassy cars, hosting meetings at their homes for members of internal opposition groups and providing them with both moral and material support."What they seem to be saying is that they will not tolerate anything that smacks of interference," one foreign diplomat said, referring to the expulsion.Diplomats noted the Cuban move coincided with the naming by President Bill Clinton on Friday of a special envoy, Stuart Eizenstat, whose task was to persuade U.S. allies to join a U.S.-led campaign to promote democracy on the communist-ruled island.It also came soon after the arrival in Havana of a new head of the U.S. mission in Havana, Michael Kozak, replacing Joseph Sullivan, who finished his tour of duty this summer.Other Western embassies, such as those representing Canada and the nations of the European Union, also closely monitored the activities of Cuban dissidents, but usually stopped short of providing material aid and assistance, as U.S. diplomats have been accused of doing.Last Wednesday, Cuba's main state media carried tough editorials saying the Cuban government would do everything necessary to counter U.S. attempts to subvert its political system through support for dissident groups.The expulsions came at a time when Cuba-U.S. ties were already strained by Cuba's shooting down on Feb. 24 of two small U.S. planes and a U.S. law introduced in March aimed at curbing foreign investment on the island. On Sunday, Havana also called on the United States to honour existing bilateral immigration accords by returning Cubans who had recently fled the island.