AUSTRALIA: INSTANT VIEW - Australian 1996/97 budget.INSTANT VIEW - Australian 1996/97 budget.Australian Treasurer Peter Costello handed down the new conservative government's 1996/97 budget on Tuesday and announced an underlying deficit for the fiscal year of A$5.65 billion and a headline surplus of A$474 million. Following are a selection of economists' immediate reactions to the budget and GDP data, also released on Tuesday.DAVID BASSANES, SENIOR ECONOMIST, BT AUSTRALIA:"I was disappointed with the underlying deficit. We were expecting five or a little bit under that. They have managed getting about four billion off it but that was from a higher starting point. Initial disappointment ... but we will wear it."  RIC SIMES, CHIEF ECONOMIST, ROTHSCHILD AUSTRALIA:"It looks largely as expected, although the spending cuts were a little less than the A$8.0 billion the market was counting on. That said, it does represent a substantial tightening of fiscal policy and will address Australia's savings problem in the medium term. Some of the growth/economic forecasts looked too strong for my taste, particularly business investment. These spending cuts, coming on top of recent soft economic indicators, suggest another rate cut is more likely than not."  STEPHEN ROBERTS, CHIEF ECONOMIST, UBS AUSTRALIA:"It's a relatively tough budget but not as tough as advertised. That's the bottom line that is coming through. I think most people were looking for them to at least save A$4.0 billion and maybe a bit above. Although they had a higher starting point than had been estimated, I think most of us were expecting a bit better than A$5.6 billion underlying deficit."  DENNIS MAHONEY, CHIEF ECONOMIST, PRU-BACHE SECURITIES:"It's broadly in line with what they said they would do, except that they look like they have put more of the savings in the second year than in the first year to still come up with A$8.00 billion. I think the growth number is a bit too strong, but I will have to re-work my GDP forecast in light of the national accounts. It looks more like 3.0 or 3.25. They are not ludricous but they are a bit optimistic. I think overall, given that we are looking at a two year attempt to get the budget back into balance anyway, that it is pretty reasonable on the economic assumptions."  STEPHEN KOUKOULAS, SENIOR ECONOMIST, CITIBANK AUSTRALIA:"I think they are delivering on their commitment on the budget and they are on track in repairing the budget balance. On the economy it is very rosy with domestic demand being quite strong, and on the back of that the Treausry have an upward bias on their wages forecast. And underlying inflation at 2-3/4 percent is pushing the friendship with the Reserve Bank."  AKIS HARALABOPOULOS, CHIEF ECONOMIST, GIO AUSTRALIA:"As far as the growth numbers are concerned it all looks consistent. That's the important thing in terms of the government marketing this (budget) to financial markets. Because the growth numbers look credible and inflation forecasts are also reasonable there is almost a sense of built in credibility."  ROB HENDERSON, CHIEF ECONOMIST, DRESDNER AUSTRALIA:"My initial reaction is to give credit where credit is due. They have detailed A$7.2 billion of savings in the face of considerable opposition from interest groups. But I'm disappointed in the underlying budget balance. By 1998/99 it is less than a billion dollar surplus. We have to wait three years for a paltry surplus and taking so long to get back into surplus is the main reason the market sold off. It's also disappointing, given the backdrop of considerably strong GDP growth, that we don't get to balance sooner."  TIM PFITZNER, TREASURY ECONOMIST, NATIONAL AUSTRALIA BANK:"They delivered the near to A$8.0 bln cuts they promised over two years. (Savings measures contain) a very big contribution from PDI (public debt interest) savings and if that's from privatisations, for example, it doesn't make the actual outlay cuts look quite as large."-- Sydney Newsroom 61-2 373-1800