CHINA: Chinese yuan seen rising slightly in short term.Chinese yuan seen rising slightly in short term.The Chinese yuan is likely to continue to rise after repeatedly hitting closing year-highs over the past few weeks, but room for further gains will be limited, analysts said on Tuesday.A rising trade surplus and record level of foreign exchange reserves would help support the yuan but the central bank would prevent it going to high, they said.The local currency closed lower on Tuesday for the first time since July 24, at 8.3065 against the U.S. dollar. It had repeatedly hit year-highs but was unable to overcome a closing rate of 8.3059 on August 15, 1995, its record high."The first fall in a month means that the yuan has begun to meet resistance after continuous rises in the past month," said one trader on the Shanghai-based interbank foreign exchange market, the China Foreign Exchange Trade System."But market fundamentals have not changed and factors boosting the renminbi are still there," he added. "In the next month or so, the yuan will continue to rise and will meet strong resistance only at the 8.3000 level.""The central bank intervened in the market today to slow the yuan's rising momentum," said a second trader. "Pro-yuan sentiment has also weakened a little after successive gains."  Traders said main factors supporting the local currency were China's improving trade figures and rising foreign exchange reserves.China posted an unexpectedly high trade surplus of $1.13 billion in July, its second month of surplus after five successive months of deficits, giving it a January-July surplus of $2.1 billion.Early this year, Beijing predicted a rough trade balance for 1996 after a hefty surplus of $16.7 billion last year. Now it is expecting a $3.0 billion surplus this year."Foreign exchange supply clearly exceeds demand," said a Shanghai-based banker with the Bank of China. "This has been reflected in surging reserves."Foreign exchange reserves surged to a record $86.6 billion at the end of June, up from $73.5 billion at end-1995.Other factors include rising direct foreign investment in China, which hit $19.6 billion in the first half of this year, up a year-on-year 20 percent.But the analysts said the recent rises had made the yuan approach its highest levels of last year, which would limit room for further gains.  "The yuan is now just below its highest point last year in August 1995," said a foreign exchange trader. "Technical charts show it will not be able to go far away from the 8.3000 level. We believe it will hit that level around the end of September."The analysts also believe the People's Bank of China will not allow the yuan to rise too sharply."The central bank has insisted that the renminbi should be stable instead of fluctuating sharply," said a banking analyst. "It has intervened in the past to prevent it from rising too sharply and will do in the future."Traders said they expected the central bank would most likely intervene again at the 8.3000 level.