USA: Husband of Kevorkian patient disputes coroner.Husband of Kevorkian patient disputes coroner.The husband of a Massachusetts woman who committed suicide in the presence of Dr. Jack Kevorkian disputed on Tuesday a Michigan medical examiner's autopsy, calling him "insensitive" and accusing the examiner of pursuing "his own agenda."Psychiatrist Franklin Curren, the husband of Judith Curren, said at an impromptu news conference on his front lawn that the coroner was "insensitive and does a disservice. He's got his own agenda. Some people are, highly illogically, trying to deal with the issue by saying my wife wasn't sick."Oakland County, Michigan, medical examiner Dr. Ljubisa Dragovic, a longtime Kevorkian critic, said on Monday an autopsy on Judith Curren showed she was overweight and depressed, but showed no signs of chronic fatigue syndrome or other significant disease process.The medical examiner's conclusions and police reports showing that Franklin Curren allegedly assaulted his wife raised troubling questions about Kevorkian and renewed debate over assisted suicide.Curren said Dragovic's suggestion his wife's judgment was jarred by painkillers and she took her life because she was overweight belittled people who suffer from the mysterious disease."How can he diagnose depression on a cadaver?" he asked reporters. "The premise behind that is that anyone who takes medication is irrational or drug-addicted. She was not incompetent because she took medication," he said.Curren said his wife suffered from fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue for 20 years and in recent years was unable to read, watch television, or even spend more than 20 minutes a day with their daughters, aged 10 and seven.The two daughters peeked out a window of the family's two-story clapboard house in this leafy Boston suburb while their father talked.Last week the Currens flew from Pembroke to Detroit, where Judith Curren committed suicide in the presence of the noted pathologist.Curren, a 42-year-old registered nurse, became the 35th person to die in Kevorkian's presence. She weighed 260 pounds and was 5 feet 1 inch tall.Curren said his wife first told him she planned to commit suicide four years ago, and his refusal to help her led to a series of arguments, which flared up during particularly emotional phases of her illness, Curren said.She filed domestic assault charges against him in late July and reports said sought a restraining order against him three years ago, according to police reports.News reports also said police responded to at least eight 911 calls from Judith Curren asking for help or from neighbours who complained of fighting at their earlier residence in Winchester, Massachusetts, from 1989 to 1994.Curren was facing a court hearing on Oct. 5 on the assault charges, according to Boston media reports."The stress of the family situation was that I wasn't going along with the decision to take her life. That was the stress. It wasn't family stress leading her to not want to be here," he said. "Every time she made these accusations she retracted them and never went to court."Curren said he finally agreed to honour her decision to die in March when she said she would divorce him, if necessary, to keep him from interfering."As time went on, she would say to me, 'Frank, why are you making me suffer?' And I would say, 'I'm not, I'm your husband, I'm trying to help you.' She said, 'Don't you realise that by keeping me alive, you're making me suffer. There's no help available. And I can't stand my life of lying in bed."Curren said on rare occassions, once every six to 12 months, when his wife ran out of painkillers, he would prescribe the drugs for her, in accordance with medical treatments surpervised by "one of the world's pre-eminent psychopharmacologists" in New York. He declined to name the New York doctor.He said he met Tuesday for about two hours with two members of the state medical board, who questioned him about doctors' allegations he improperly prescribed narcotics with other patients.