USA: U.S. Air Force sifts through Wyoming wreckage.U.S. Air Force sifts through Wyoming wreckage.Air Force investigators Tuesday sifted through a charred crash site for clues to determine why a presidential cargo plane slammed into a mountain at the weekend, an Air Force spokesman said.The probe into Saturday night's crash, which killed all nine people aboard, was expected to last at least several weeks, spokesman Bill Orndorff said.A memorial service was scheduled for Wednesday at Dyess Air Force base in Abilene, Texas, the home base of eight of those who died. The ninth person killed was a Secret Service agent. A local service was also being planned by the Jackson community.The plane that crashed minutes after takeoff was headed for New York, where President Clinton celebrated his 50th birthday at a gala party and fundraiser. It was transporting presidential vehicles.Clinton, who had been vacationing in Wyoming had left the area about five hours before the crash."It's a painstaking process," Orndorff said of the investigation. The bodies have been recovered and will be sent to Dover, Delaware for official identification, he said.Orndorff said no evidence of sabotage or mechanical problems have been found "at this time."In Washington, Capt. Mike Doubleday, a Pentagon spokesman, said the C-130 plane did not have a ground proximity warning device, but that he did not know if it would have averted the crash if it had been so equipped.He said he believed the ground proximity warning device did not warn pilots of mountains or objects in front of them, but rather of ground under them.The charred area on the mountain side is about 1,650 feet (500 metres) long and 500 feet (150 metres) wide, Orndorff said. Debris from the crash was scattered over an area 1,000 feet (300 metres) wide, he said.Some 25 investigators and support staff working at the site are ferried by helicopter because the wilderness area does not have any access roads.The plane crashed at about 10,600 feet (3,215 metres) up Sleeping Indian Mountain in the Bridger-Teton National Forest, a part of the Gros Ventre Wilderness. The summit is at about 11,300 feet (3,390 metres).The flight data recorder and the voice recorder, commonly called the "'black boxes" that were housed in the tail section, one of the few pieces of the plane that were intact, were found on Monday.