USA: Former Orange Cty treasurer takes stand in trial.Former Orange Cty treasurer takes stand in trial.Orange County, Calif.,'s former Treasurer Robert Citron testified on Tuesday that he never discussed with the former budget director an alleged scheme to divert funds from cities and schools.Former Orange County Budget Director Ronald Rubino, 44, was indicted by a county grand jury in December for allegedly aiding Citron in diverting funds from other government agencies for the county's benefit.Pressed by Rubino's attorney, Citron told the jury he did not tell Rubino about the alleged transfer of funds, or the alleged manipulation of interest rates.  Orange County filed for protection under Chapter 9 of the federal Bankruptcy Code on December 6, 1994 after sustaining investment losses of more than $1.6 billion. The county emerged from bankruptcy in June.Rubino, who has denied any wrongdoing, faces up to nine years in prison if convicted on the felony counts. Rubino is one of six former and current county officials formally accused with wrongdoing in connection with the bankruptcy.Citron, who was on the stand for most of Tuesday morning's court session, did not shy away from any questions. It was his first time on the stand during the Rubino trial.  Citron testified that Merrill Lynch & Co bond salesman Michael Stamenson was aware of the alleged scheme."I told Mr. Michael Stamenson of Merrill Lynch that we were doing this," Citron testified. Citron said he informed Stamenson monthly about the true pool earnings versus the interest rate reported to investors in the county portfolio.In response, Merrill Lynch said Stamenson never received any reports showing different investment pool earnings."As we have previously stated, Mr. Stamenson was not involved in the internal record keeping of the Orange County Treasurer's Office," Merrill Lynch spokesman Andrew Sieg said.  During his testimony, Citron alleged that assistant county Treasurer Matthew Raabe came up with the idea of diverting the interest from cities and schools to the county's benefit."Mr. Raabe came to me and said we were currently earning tremendous amounts of interest and that, if we kept reporting these very high interest returns, the pool investors would see something wrong in that and pull the money out," Citron said."(Raabe) suggested we send the money over to the county general fund. As Mr. Raabe explained to me, the pool participants would think there was something wrong or risky about their obtaining such high interest rates."  Citron said Raabe kept tabs on what the county investment pool was earning and what he "was going to report" to investors or participants in the county-run portfolio.In May 1995, Raabe was indicted on several counts, including misappropriating public funds. Raabe has denied wrongdoing and faces trial in September.Raabe's attorney was not immediately available to comment.Citron pleaded guilty in April 1995 to six felonies related to the county's financial crisis, including counts of making untrue material statements in the sale of securities and misappropriating public funds.  During his testimony, Citron also described his relationship with Rubino."He would sometimes talk about county problems, lack of funds for this or that," Citron said. "Rubino was well thought of in the county."