USA: Dole convention boost melting away - polls.Dole convention boost melting away - polls.By Alan Elsner, U.S. Political CorrespondentPresident Bill Clinton on Tuesday signed a popular bill to raise the minimum wage as polls showed him recapturing the initiative in the White House race from Republican Bob Dole.While Dole campaigned with Gulf War hero Colin Powell in Kentucky, polls suggested that the momentum he received from last week's Republican convention was melting fast. Election Day is Nov. 5, exactly 12 weeks away.The latest instalment of an ABC tracking poll showed Clinton's lead over Dole back at 12 percentage points in a three-way race including Texas billionaire Ross Perot, who is running for his new Reform Party.Only 24 hours earlier, the same poll had Clinton leading Dole by 44 percent to 40 percent. But the latest survey of 1,027 voters, taken on Sunday and Monday, showed that Clinton's support had jumped to 49 percent and Dole's had slumped to 37 percent. Perot lost a point, falling to 10 percent from from 11 percent. The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points."Dole's bounce has failed to push him even marginally ahead of Clinton at any point, and with today's weakening its lasting power is put into question," poll analyst Jeff Alderman said.The figures were consistent with a New York Times/CBS poll released on Monday that also showed Clinton leading by 12 points, 49 to 37 percent. Perot trailed with seven percent.White House spokesman Mike McCurry said Clinton was in control with a lead in the low double digits. "I think that the rubber band stretched and snapped back over the weekend and we're back to being about where we ... thought it was," he told reporters.Democrats hope Clinton will get a further boost from the Democratic convention, which begins in Chicago next Monday.He has moved strongly to seize the spotlight in the past two days and on Tuesday he signed a minimum wage bill, pushed through Congress mainly with Democratic votes, that will raise the hourly pay of more than 10 million Americans by 90 cents."This is a truly remarkable piece of legislation. It is pro-work, pro-business and pro-family," Clinton said before signing the bill at a White House ceremomy.Dole addressed a Veterans of Foreign Wars convention in Louisville, Kentucky. He was introduced by Powell as a champion of a strong defence who "proudly wears a Purple Heart" for his war wounds and who "now offers himself for service as the leader of this great nation."Powell's well-received speech at the Republican convention in San Diego last week helped the party project an image of tolerance and inclusion.The Dole campaign, which received a $62 million infusion of federal funds last week, began airing the first television advertisement it had been able to afford since the spring. The commercial attacked Clinton for imposing the highest taxes in U.S. history."Bob Dole. Cut taxes. Balance the budget. Raise take-home pay. Tell the truth," the announcer declares as pictures of Dole at last week's Republican convention flash on the screen.