USA: Clinton Whitewater partner given two-year jail sentence.Clinton Whitewater partner given two-year jail sentence.Susan McDougal, a former business partner and close friend of President Bill Clinton, was sentenced on Tuesday to two years in prison for her fraud convictions in a Whitewater trial.U.S. District Judge George Howard gave McDougal three concurrent two-year prison terms and an additional three years probation. She was convicted in May on four charges relating to a fraudulent $300,000 business loan awarded to her in 1986.Prosecutors alleged Clinton twice pressured an Arkansas banker to give McDougal the loan and that part of the funds went to benefit the failed Whitewater real estate venture in which Clinton and his wife invested, and lost, money.But the president, who was Arkansas governor at the time of the deal, was not charged with any crime and he flatly denied under oath any involvement in the affair.Defence attorney Bobby McDaniel angrily alleged on Tuesday that McDougal, 41, was the victim of a partisan investigation aimed at humiliating Clinton in an election year. "She is a pawn of a political agenda. If Bill Clinton had not been nominated, none of this would ever have occurred," he said.McDaniel told reporters the team of independent counsel Kenneth Starr had offered McDougal leniency in exchange for information implicating the president or first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton in any illegal deals.Starr, who is leading the Whitewater probe into the Clintons' finances, refused to comment on whether he would try to cut a deal with McDougal but he did say his team wanted to get to the bottom of the case. "Our investiation is to get at the facts, get at the truth and we would obviously welcome any person willing to assist us in that endeavour," he said.Susan McDougal, her former husband James McDougal and the Clintons were partners in the Whitewater venture and were close friends throughout the 1980s.James McDougal, 56, was convicted on 18 fraud and conspiracy charges and faced up to 84 years in prison but his sentencing has been postponed until November because he is cooperating with Starr's team.A colourful Arkansas businessman and political insider, he backed Clinton's rise through the political ranks and knows the president better than anyone else so far targeted in the Whitewater probe. It was not clear what information he may be able to give Starr on Clinton, but prosecutors were expected to focus on Clinton's alleged involvement in winning the $300,000 loan that was taken out in Susan McDougal's name.Starr has said his politically sensitive investigation will be put on ice before the Nov. 5 election but refused to put a date on it. He said on Monday the probe was still "moving forward very rapidly" on several fronts.Susan McDougal's lawyers on Tuesday portrayed her as a naive young woman at the time of the offences, saying she unthinkingly followed the instructions of her husband, who is 15 years her senior. "He was always my teacher and my mentor ... everything Jim had done always seemed right to me," Susan McDougal said in pleading for leniency. "I am truly sorry."But Judge Howard was not swayed. "The court is persuaded it will take Mrs. McDougal out of circulation for a reasonable period of time and afford her the opportunity to do some reflective thinking," he said.Apart from the prison sentence, Susan McDougal was told to pay restitution of $300,000 plus interest to the U.S. Small Business Adminstration, which had insured the illegal loan. Howard also ordered her to pay a $5,000 fine and do more than 300 hours of community service.Former Arkansas Gov. Jim Guy Tucker, who was not a partner in the Whitewater deal but was convicted with the McDougals on fraud and conspiracy charges, was sentenced on Monday to four years probation and fines of more than $300,000.Tucker, who resigned his office in July, avoided jail time because of a life-threatening liver problem that physicians said had a 50 percent chance of killing him within two years if he did not get a liver transplant.