USA: E. Indiana corn, soy crops worse than normal-tour.E. Indiana corn, soy crops worse than normal-tour.Some corn fields in eastern Indiana have not yet pollinated while there are soybean fields with pod-counts less than one-tenth the five-year average, participants in a four-day crop tour said.Corn yield estimates on one of 14 tour routes ranged from zero in the fields that had not yet pollinated to just over 100 bushels an acre. The range was based on eight fields.USDA has forecast Indiana's corn yield at 118.0 bushels per acre.  "If it frosts in the middle of November (not before) you might get a kernel," said Indiana ag statistician Bud Bever, after viewing a Jay county field. He noted that zero yield was likely if it frosts earlier than that.The four-day tour was organized by Pro Farmer.Participants said most soybean fields were beginning to pod but blooms were still visible on many.Pod counts were taken in three foot by three foot square and ranged from 72 to 340 pods. The tour's five year average for this region was 1,153 pods.Eight soy fields were viewed in this segment of the tour.  Of the soybean fields toured Tuesday morning, Bever estimated the highest yield at 35 bushels an acre. Most fields ranged from 10 to 15 bushels an acre.USDA estimated Indiana soybean yield at 35 bushels an acre, as of August 1."The fields we've seen are about as good as they will be on this side of the state," Bever said."It should get better as we head west," he said, noting areas in western Indiana were planted earlier and received more rainfall.  Corn borer infestation was detected in Wayne, Randolph and Wells counties, said John Turner, crop analyst with the U.S. Department of Agriculture."This field is well above the economic threshold," Turner said of a Randolph county field.Borers were found in the base of stalks and in ears. Some stalks were so weakened by the pests they snapped when pushed. Turner noted some ears were drooping due to the borer activity but said it was too early to discount the grain.Tour participants from the 14 routes will compile data from Ohio and Indiana fields Tuesday evening and will estimate corn yield and soybean population.The tour concludes on Friday afternoon after also visiting Iowa, Illinois and Minnesota.More than 50 participants including agronomists, farmers, analysts, USDA officials and journalists were on the tour.