USA: Chicago hotel recalls its days at "Ground Zero".Chicago hotel recalls its days at "Ground Zero".Checking out of Chicago's Conrad Hilton Hotel in 1968, a journalist in town to cover that year's riot-scarred Democratic National Convention said, "I wonder if they'll ever get that smell out of the lobby?"The stench of a stink bomb set off in the elevator lobby was a final wound to the sprawling hotel that for days had stood in the path of violence as anti-Vietnam War protesters outside clashed repeatedly with police and soldiers.The stink is long gone. The hotel, now renamed the Chicago Hilton Hotel and Towers, has undergone a $185 million renovation. It is not the headquarters hotel for next week's Democratic National Convention, as it was 28 years ago.It will, however, house the Mississippi and California delegations. California's includes Tom Hayden, who in 1968 was in the street leading protests. He wants a nonsmoking room.One guest from 1968 who says he will not be back this year is fomer Sen. Eugene McCarthy. He and the army of young people who supported his anti-war campaign were a boisterous presence inside and outside the hotel 28 years ago.Warren Christopher, now the secretry of state and then President Lyndon Johnson's point man on urban violence, spent a night at the Hilton during the height of the melee. He later called it "the worst night I've ever spent."The hotel, built in 1927 by Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens' father and grandfather and originally carrying the Stevens family name, absorbed the blows.Elevators were slow and crowded. Protesters let inside by guests or friendly staff roosted here and there in stairwells and halls. Crowds three deep vied for seats at a lobby coffee shop, some reluctant to go outside except to take a shuttle bus to the convention several miles (kilometres) away.Violence erupted in Grant Park along the Lake Michigan waterfront across from the Hilton because of the hotel's headquarters status and the city's decision not let protesters sleep in the parks. Officials also feared the crowds would descend on the convention site at the International Amphitheater if they were allowed past the Hilton.At one point, police shoved a protester through a plate glass window in the hotel's sidewalk-level Haymarket Lounge."It was totally amazing. You'd look out the door at 11 o'clock at night and see people from one end of the block to the next," recalls Nick Costanzo, then a bellman, now director of guest services at the hotel.Police wanted the hotel to lock its front doors, apparently for the first time since 1927, but no key could be found.Costanzo remembers turning away folksinging trio Peter, Paul and Mary, who had sung for the crowd outside and sought respite inside. They were about to be followed into the hotel by several hundred people. They left politely, he said.A young couple with a baby who had joined the protest were allowed to camp out for several days in a stairwell, he said. "It was so cute. Every morning about 6 o'clock, I'd watch the policemen go across the street with a baby bottle and bring it back for the baby."A far different police image from 1968 persists. A panel appointed by the White House to investigate the violence called much of it a "police riot" in which demonstrators, journalists and others who got in the way were clubbed and roughed up.