USA: Ghetto around Chicago convention site recovering.Ghetto around Chicago convention site recovering.Next week's Democratic convention will unfold in a $175 million sports arena in the middle of one of the nation's most downtrodden neighbourhoods.Nearby vacant lots, dilapidated high-rise projects and empty storefronts are the devastating legacy of urban rioting that erupted in the area a few months before the Democrats last met in Chicago for their 1968 convention.The neighbourhood's population shrank in the years after the riots triggered by the assassination of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. that year and the area remains predominantly poor and black.But a new library, a boy's club named after the late father of basketball star Michael Jordan and dozens of new homes and apartments dot the urban landscape, which lies within sight of Chicago's soaring downtown skyscrapers.Mayor Richard Daley, in a bid to put the best face on the nation's third-largest city, has ordered wrought-iron fences built around vacant lots and trees and flowers planted in the median strips of avenues leading to the United Centre arena."It's coming back," said Earnest Gates, a 44-year-old entrepreneur and community activist who has spearheaded the rebuilding of the neighbourhood he called West Haven."For 25 years the area had been neglected. When we talk about disinvestment, this was a prime example. So any amounts of money that are spent, we're still playing catch-up. It's time for the area to get it's fair share of resources."A few decades ago, the Near West Side was a thriving community housing Jews and Italians. But when a few black families moved in during the 1950s, it fell prey to real estate hucksters who frightened the whites into fleeing.Then, like other American inner cities hit by violence after the assassination of black civil rights leader King, the area's business district was mostly burned down and banks and insurance companies subsequently refused to do business there."Between the block-busting that the real estate companies were doing and the redlining, that pretty much spelled the demise of the neighbourhood," Gates said. "We probably lost well over half the population."Many working-class blacks migrated to the suburbs or to better-preserved black neighbourhoods on the city's South Side, forming the city's healthy black middle class. But for ravaged neighbourhoods like West Haven, recovery has been slow.The modest construction projects and a few contracts tied to the convention have provided jobs for area residents. But in a city still seen as one of the nation's most segregated, joblessness, illegal drugs and despair remain rife.The economic reasons behind the city's fragile mix are obvious. An outflow of manufacturers caused the city to lose 180,000 jobs in the 1970s and 1980s, at a time when the downtown district created less than 20,000 jobs.Chicago's suburbs, which grew as the city shrank and now contain more than half the metropolitan area's more than seven million people, siphoned off growth and added 250,000 jobs.Underscoring the importance of projecting a safe wholesome image during the convention, the city's economy relies more on the tourist trade, shoppers, and seekers of culture. "In terms of world-class cities, Chicago is prominent because it's an industrial city that has remade itself," Loyola University sociologist Philip Nyden said.A new art museum, a theatre on a renovated pier that forms part of a thriving lakefront, and rapid growth in the near North Side shopping district have attracted visitors and jobs."One of the key issues folks in Chicago are looking at is to make sure the urban agenda is not forgotten by the Democratic party. Unlike the 1960s, a lot of the people who protested then are in positions of influence now," Nyden said.