UK: UK M4 data offers only crumb of comfort to Clarke.UK M4 data offers only crumb of comfort to Clarke.British broad money supply made a welcome return inside the government's monitoring range in July but it will give Chancellor Clarke only a shred of support if he is seeking to cut rates on September, analysts said."This only helps Clarke only at the absolute margin," said Kevin Darlington, UK economist at ABN-AMRO Hoare Govett. "It is only one month's figures, it is still very high within the monitoring range and it has been downgraded as an indicator."The year-on-year growth rate of M4 eased to 8.8 percent in the July compared with 9.9 percent in June.  The government's monitoring range for broad money is three to nine percent and M4 growth has been above the nine percent upper limit since November 1995.Minutes of monthly monetary meetings show the both Clarke and Governor of the Bank of England Eddie George are concerned that M4 is so strong but Darlington said since base rates have been cut four times in that period, broad money has clearly been relegated to the second division of indicators.Its credibility as a leading indicator of future inflation has been slightly hampered by upward distortions over the last year due to several special factors.  These include the rash of merger activity in the financial sector and the start of an open gilt repo market in January.The large drop in year-on-year M4 growth in July is partly attributable to last July's purchase of the Cheltenham & Gloucester building society by the Lloyds TSB group.A surplus on the government's PSBR account during July also helped depress the level.But economists said the breakdown clearly shows activity in consumer sector is growing. "Headline M4 may be below market expectations, but the composition is not as favourable," said Jeremy Hawkins, senior economic adviser at Bank of America.  An incomplete breakdown of the lending figures produced by the British Bankers' Association shows consumer credit was up 539 million stg, nearly double the June figure of 226 million stg rise."This suggests that there may be some upside to July's retail sales figures. If so then the chances of another rate cut look remote," Hawkins said. July retail sales data are due on Wednesday and forecast to show only a small 0.1 percent rise.But Darlington said he would not be surprised if Clarke squeezed in another cut in the autumn on the back of improving inflation statistics.  "It is very finely poised. I wouldn't be surprised if we get another cut based on falling underlying cost pressures and slow pay growth," Darlington said.Marian Bell, Treasury economist at the Royal Bank of Scotland, went further and said the M4 data have clearly enhanced the chances of a rate cut next month."This will greatly strengthen the Chancellor's hand in discussions with the Bank. As such it must significantly increase the potential for a rate cut in September."The next monetary meeting is on September 4.-- London Newsroom +44 171 542 7715