CANADA: Manitoba crops progress in week, fusarium cited.Manitoba crops progress in week, fusarium cited.Sunny, warm weather allowed Manitoba cereals and oilseeds to progress well in the week ended August 19 but fusarium head blight was cited in many wheat stands, the weekly Manitoba Agriculture report said.Southwest Manitoba - In most districts harvest was just beginning. Combining of fall rye was near complete with average yields reported. The few wheat samples brought in graded number one with proteins at 13-15 percent. Fusarium was reported in all districts but with variable levels of infestation. Aphids were also noted in barley, flax and canola. Spraying for Bertha armyworm occurred in Killarney.  Northwest Manitoba - Sunday evening thunderstorms hit the area with three to four inches of rain, with accompanying high winds causing many crops to lodge. Insects were minimally reported, with only some reports of aphids in wheat fields.Central Manitoba - About five percent of cereal crops have been swathed. Fall rye harvest is under way with yields raning from 40 to 60 bushels per acre. Yields of other cereals were expected to be average to slightly below average. Low to moderate levels of fusarium were reported in the Red River Valley, Gladstone, Starbuck and Portage districts. But all districts were reporting some infection in wheat and barley.  Winter wheat harvest in Central District was nearly complete with yields averaging 65-70 bushels per acre. Swathing of canola has started, with yields expected to be average to slightly above average. Aphids continue to be a problem for cereals and flax. Monitoring and selected spraying for Bertha armyworm in the district continued.Eastern Manitoba - Combining and swathing has just begun, with average yields reported. Fusarium was present in various degrees in most fields with the highest levels around St. Pierre.Lodging in cereals was reported in Dugald-Beausejour.Interlake region - Canola has podded with some fields ready for harvest. Low levels of fusarium were reported in many fields across the district.(Winnepeg bureau 204 947 3548)