USA: U.S. orders retaliatory Cuban expulsion.U.S. orders retaliatory Cuban expulsion.The United States said on Monday it was kicking out a Cuban diplomat in retaliation for the expulsion of a U.S. diplomat from Cuba who had specialised in promoting human rights.The State Department disclosed that Cuba revoked the visa last week of Robin Meyer, accusing her of activities "incompatible with her diplomatic status" -- diplomatic parlance for spying."We categorically reject that assertion and protest in the strongest terms the Cuban government's action in requiring her to leave," the department said in a statement..It said Meyer, an officer in the U.S. Interests Section "with primary responsibility for human rights issues," was given until Wednesday to depart Cuba.In what it called a reciprocal response, the department said it revoked the visa on Monday of Jose Luis Ponce Caraballo, a spokesman for the Cuban Interests Section of the Swiss embassy in Washington.Ponce Caraballo will be required to leave the United States within a week, the department said without accusing him of any wrongdoing. The Cuban Interests Section had no immediate comment.The State Department said Meyer carried out her diplomatic functions under the direction of the chief of the U.S. Interests Section in Havana in full accordance with the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations.During two years in Cuba, Meyer openly met with representatives of human rights and independent professional groups throughout the island, "providing moral support and distributing published information," the department said.Among the material she handed out were copies of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and standard college-level textbooks on government, democracy, international relations and journalism, it said."U.S. diplomats throughout the world engage in similar activities," the State Department said.It said the U.S. government remained firmly committed to advancing the cause of human rights in Cuba and would continue to work "vigorously" to promote a peaceful transition to democracy there.The United States and communist-ruled Cuba, at odds since President Fidel Castro seized power in 1959, maintain a low-level dialogue through interest sections in the Swiss embassies in each other's capitals.Relations between the two neighbours took yet another turn for the worse in March when President Bill Clinton signed a bill that strengthened the 35-year U.S. embargo against Cuba by penalising foreigners who invest there.That legislation, prompted by Cuba's downing of two unarmed civilian planes piloted by Cuban-Americans in late February, lets claimants in the United States sue foreign investors who "traffic" in confiscated property in Cuba.