USA: Gingrich - U.S. must act first against terrorists.Gingrich - U.S. must act first against terrorists.House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich said on Tuesday the United States should be ready to carry out military strikes against nations suspected of plotting attacks against American targets.Calling for what he termed a "doctrine of pre-emption," Gingrich said in a speech to business leaders that potential "terrorists" should be given 24 hours to prove they were innocent or face retaliation.He said attacks on terrorist cells could be carried out covertly by the Central Intelligence Agency or overtly by military means in the style of Israel's 1981 attack on an Iraqi nuclear power plant.On June 7, 1981, Israel bombed a French-built nuclear plant in Iraq with American jets. The government said it conducted the attack to prevent Iraq from making atomic bombs for use against Israel. A French technician died in the raid.Gingrich also said the U.S. government should take steps to protect cities with a missile defence system and beef up intelligence activities aimed at exposing terrorist groups."We don't wait around until after they take out the World Trade towers, with nuclear weapons next time. We go ahead and say: We have a reason to believe you're not behaving correctly. You should convince us in the next 24 hours that we're wrong or we will take you out," he said."If we would be very aggressive in saying to Libya, Syria, Iran and Sudan that we will not tolerate your supporting terrorists, we could have a big effect on the resources available to terrorists around the world."The former history teacher added that the U.S. government should be ready to apply "whatever levels of pressure we have to" to stop nations from funding terrorist activities.President Bill Clinton has stressed his determination to stamp out terrorism following a string of attacks against Americans in recent months. On Aug. 5, he signed a bill to punish firms that invest in energy projects in Iran or Libya and predicted European nations would eventually support the move despite initial opposition.A Republican-drafted anti-terrorism bill sailed through the House this month but stalled in the Senate. The bill lacked most of the provisions sought by Clinton following the crash of TWA Flight 800 off New York last month and the pipe-bomb blast at the Atlanta Olympics.