USA: INSTANT VIEW - US June trade deficit at $8.11 bln.INSTANT VIEW - US June trade deficit at $8.11 bln.Following are comments from U.S. economists after the Commerce Department reported that the June U.S. trade gap narrowed to $8.11 billion from a downwardly revised $10.55 billion in May.Economists in a Reuters poll had been calling for a narrowing of the trade deficit to $9.4 billion in June.ROGER SHIELDS, HEAD OF COUNTRY RISK MANAGEMENT, CHASE MANHATTAN BANK: "Very clearly this is a very weak number on the imports side. Exports are strong and that's surprising as well.  "It says that exports are providing some underpinning for the U.S. economy but overall it tells us that we have sharply weakened in terms of economic vigor and activity and that of course is something that the Federal Reserve will take comfort in in so far as interest rates are concerned," Shields concluded.  TIM MCGEE, CHIEF ECONOMIST, TOKAI BANK LTD: "It was well below the concensus and is consistent with the slowdown we saw in June consumer spending."There was a pretty big drop in import demand, so it's consistent with the notion that we had a pickup in the spring due to some special factors that have started to dissipate."It goes along with the slower second half growth scenario. If growth does slow down then it's likely that we'll see import growth slow down and that should help bring trade into better balance."  MARY DENNIS, SENIOR ECONOMIST, MERRILL LYNCH: "The narrowing was more than we expected. There was more of a pronounced decline in imports than we expected. We're not really sure what it's from, except that the overall economy slowed in June and inventories were pretty flat."It's too early to know what to make of it, since we're seeing a rebound in domestic demand. This will suggest an upward revision to second-quarter GDP to at least 4.5 percent, maybe more. That is stronger than the Fed's liking, but they're looking forward to see if the lull in the summer was more than just a pause."  MICHAEL STRAUSS, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF ECONOMIST, YAMAICHI INTERNATIONAL (AMERICA) INC: "If we didn't have the FOMC meeting, this trade number would be a slight negative for the (bond) market. It may still be a slight negative, because there will be some economists who will have to raise their GDP numbers."The export side is still reasonably solid. The spike in April and May trade deficit was a temporary spike. The drag from trade on GDP in the second quarter was probably also temporary. It sets us up for trade to be a positive contributor to growth in the third quarter."  DAVID SLOAN, ECONOMIST, CONSULTING FIRM I.D.E.A. INC: "It's a quite good figure. You'll probably see Q2 GDP revised up little bit. Big fall in imports offset a marginal fall in exports."Quite subdued import figure will probably encourage hopes that the economy will slow and domestic demand will slow in the second half (of the year)."Slight rise in the Japan deficit, but that's really a seasonal factor ... We were seing lower deficits than this in February and March, which suggest that maybe the trade deficit peaked in May."-- N.A. Treasury Desk, 212-859-1673