USA: FEATURE - "Irish Woody Allen" is back with another film.FEATURE - "Irish Woody Allen" is back with another film.For someone who went from carrying camera packs as an assistant on "Entertainment Tonight" to turning a $25,000 first film into a $10 million hit, Edward Burns is a remarkably laid-back guy.Handsome in an old-fashioned movie star way, with his hair slicked back, Burns, 28, may be among the brightest writer-director-actors in movies today but his feet are still on the ground. As evidence, consider the second film, opening this month, from the man who made 1995 Sundance Film Festival winner "The Brothers McMullen."For the Queens, New York, native who has been dubbed "an Irish Woody Allen," "She's the One" is a return to what Burns knows best, another tale of Irish-Catholic brothers and the women who drive them crazy.Burns cites writer Saul Bellow as support for his interest in Irish-American guys like himself. "Bellow once said he was constantly writing the same book, again and again, trying to get it right. Basically I like to start with characters and just document the world I see: How these people look, what and how they think. I want to do that as honestly as I can."Burns' $3.5 million budget is about 14 times as much as he spent on his first movie, but he recruited "McMullen" veterans Maxine Bahns and Mike McGlone, along with himself, to star with small screen regulars Jennifer Aniston ("Friends"), Cameron Diaz ("The Mask") and John Mahoney ("Frasier")."You can't compare the two, this is better on every level. Me, Mike and Max have all jumped up," Burns said of his films, sitting in a Washington hotel room during a press weekend.Bahns, 25, has been his lover for seven years. Like the woman she plays in "She's the One," she was a graduate student with no interest in acting until she was cast in "Brothers McMullen."Since she's REALLY the one, on screen and in real life, why not make it legal? "She's not interested in marriage. I beg, I plead," Burns said with a smile. "We're not going anywhere, there's no hurry. And," he added, sounding much like one of his screen characters, "I'm afraid of the legal document -- a house has to follow and a kid. I need a couple of more kids? I'm still a kid."Since "McMullen" was an American hit, it has been shown around the world. "We did $7 in Turkey but the fact it was released in Turkey blows my mind," Burns said.He and his girlfriend have moved from "an apartment the size of a closet" into a Greenwich Village building with a doorman and they no longer eat peanut butter three nights a week. Fame has also meant a trip to Ireland for Guinness beer. "I was a judge in a 'Win a Pub' contest," Burns explained.But success primarily means Burns has the opportunity to make the kind of movies he wants -- without interference. He credits Robert Redford, father of the Sundance Film Festival and his executive producer, with helping on that score."At Sundance, when we won the Grand Jury prize, Redford told me, 'You're entering a really strange place and Hollywood is a weird town. If you ever have a question, give me a call. If I can help you I will,'" Burns said."I sent him the draft of 'She's the One' and he liked it enough to get involved -- he got involved in casting and we did a read-through on the script for the rhythm of the piece. And all during post-production he looked at every cut. If I disagreed with anything, he said, 'It's your film.'"I had full creative control, including final cut," Burns added. "I never heard from the studio until we showed the final film and they said, 'Let's go.'"Next spring, for his third picture, Burns is planning to change direction slightly and do a comedy-drama without Max or Mike. "I only know I'll be in it," he said, meaning it will still be an Eddie Burns movie.