USA: Weaker imports help shrink June U.S. trade deficit.Weaker imports help shrink June U.S. trade deficit.An unexpectedly large drop in imports helped narrow the United States deficit in goods and services in June, analysts said on Tuesday.The U.S. June trade shortfall shrank 23.1 percent to $8.11 billion compared with a downwardly revised gap of $10.55 billion in May, the Commerce Department reported earlier today."What was kind of surprising was a reduction in imports of autos and consumption goods, which doesn't fit in with anecdotal evidence that demand was still strong in June," said John Rothfield, international economist at Nationsbanc-CRT.  Analysts polled by Reuters had expected an average $9.4 billion gap for June compared with an unrevised $10.88 billion deficit in May.U.S. imports fell 3.3 percent in June to $77.82 billion, while exports droped 0.3 percent to $69.71 billion.A slump in auto imports was particularly pronounced, economists said."The market seemed to be importing a lot of cars in April and May, and I don't think that rate was sustainable and I think this could be a correction from that," said Michael Niemira, economist at Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubish.  Imports of cars and car parts fell to $10.79 billion in June from a revised $11.48 billion in May.Analysts noted that U.S. retail sales fell 0.5 percent in June, the largest monthly drop since February 1995."Retail sales fell in June so we may be seeing an immediate reaction on the import side. It's unusual to see such a quick reaction," Rothfield said.A modest 0.3 percent drop in exports shows the potentially negative effect of a higher dollar has not yet flowed through to prices of U.S. goods abroad, they said.  "The numbers suggest the bite from the higher dollar is not as vicious as some might suspect," said Sally Kleinman, vice president and domestic economist at Chase Securities Inc.The mild fall in export growth in June was partly due to sluggish economies in Europe and Canada, analysts said."Exports fell by 0.3 percent but the level is still fairly healthy. There's no cause for alarm on the export side that a stronger dollar may be starting to bite into our foreign export markets," Rothfield said.Analysts said the data suggest a possible upward revision to second-quarter gross domestic product.  Lower oil prices also helped shrink imports in June, analysts said. The cost of oil product imports dropped to $5.33 billion in June from $5.93 billion in May.The U.S. import price index, which had been growing at a good clip earlier in the year, fell 1.2 percent in June, analysts said."A lot of that is due to lower fuel prices but there's some concern we've seen the bottom in fuel prices and they're going to start either staying where they are or pick up again," Rothfield said.-- Daniel Rosenblum, 212-859-1662