BELGIUM: Belgian child sex scandal hunt goes international.Belgian child sex scandal hunt goes international.The hunt for two kidnapped young girls in Belgium's deadly child sex scandal went international on Tuesday with police in several nations being drawn into the expanding search."We are at the moment establishing contact with police in other countries via the services of Interpol," Major Jean-Marie Boudin, spokesman for the Belgian Gendarmerie's special missing children squad, told Reuters. "This process began today."He declined to specify which countries had been contacted. The media spotlight has been on the Czech Republic, Germany, the Netherlands and France."The investigation is evolving. We are making the first contacts now. There are no results yet," Boudin said.He confirmed that the prime focus of the investigation was on finding An Marchal and Eefje Lambrecks, abducted from Ostend in August 1995 by convicted child rapist, 39-year-old father of three Marc Dutroux.But Boudin said the search included Nathalie Geijsbregts who was 10 years old when she disappeared from the town of Berthem in February 1991."We are looking at all the dossiers connected with this affair, An and Eefje and Nathalie as well as a number of others," he said.At least 15 children have disappeared in Belgium in the past six years. Seven have now been found dead, six are still missing and only two have so far been rescued.British police said their Belgian counterparts had asked for the help of John Bennett, the officer who dealt with the unmasking of Fred and Rosemary West in Britain's "House of Horrors" mass murder investigation.Dutroux was formally charged on Friday with abduction and illegal imprisonment of children after police raided a house he owned in Charleroi and rescued Laetitia Delhez and Sabine Dardenne from a makeshift concrete dungeon.Both girls had been sexually abused.Michel Lelievre was charged with same offence. Michelle Martin, Dutroux' second wife, has been charged as an accomplice.Jean-Michel Nihoul was charged on Tuesday with criminal association.Dutroux led police on Saturday to the bodies of eight-year-olds Julie Lejeune and Melissa Russo -- kidnapped in June 1995 and starved to death in late February or early March.Dutroux denied responsibility for the deaths on the grounds that at the time he was serving four months in jail for theft. But he did admit having paid Lelievre and another accomplice, Bernard Weinstein, 40,000 francs ($1,300) for the girls.He also admitted killing Weinstein for letting the girls die. His body was found with the girls.Dutroux, released 10 years early in 1992 from a 13-year sentence for multiple rape and child abuse, also told police he had abducted Marchal and Lambrecks.Their fate remains unknown, but there has been speculation they were sold into prostitution in the Czech Republic. Interpol in Prague said there was no trace of the girls on Czech soil.Child rights lawyer Michele Hirsch told Reuters the Belgian case was symptomatic of a global sickness."Whether you talk about paedophilia, prostitution, pornography or the traffic in human organs, people are increasingly being treated as a primary resource," she said. "It is a a global problem."