FRANCE: Hunger strike divides French ruling coalition.Hunger strike divides French ruling coalition.A hunger strike by African immigrants fighting expulsion orders divided France's ruling coalition on Tuesday, with some senior politicians calling on the government to compromise.Gilles de Robien of the centre-right UDF, junior coalition partner, met representatives of the 300 protesters, 10 of whom have been fasting for 47 days, and suggested negotiations with the government and deputies of all parties."These people want a dialogue which has been interrupted. They want a moratorium (on the expulsion orders) while talks take place," de Robien, UDF floor leader at the National Assembly, told a news conference."I'm going to pass on messages to the government. It's up to the government to listen or not," he added, insisting that his initiative was a personal one and not a mediation attempt.The protesters, who include more than 100 children, are holed up in a Paris church surrounded by hundreds of sympathisers bent on preventing police from seizing them.Abubakar Diop, the immigrants' spokesman, said he hoped a solution would soon be found but gave no indication when the fast might end. "Each side wants to come out of this with dignity. We have to start talking again," he said.There was little sign the government, with an eye on voters of the far-right and anti-immigrant National Front, would be mollified by the increasingly political turn to the protest.De Robien's party was itself divided, with Urban Affairs Minister Jean-Claude Gaudin urging firmness.Interior Minister Jean-Louis Debre has repeatedly rejected any compromise and only offered to discuss repatriation terms. The daily Le Parisien said this could be an offer of money.Left-wing party leaders, trade unions and human rights groups kept up the pressure with a petition urging President Jacques Chirac, who is on holiday on the Riviera, to intervene and launch talks to avert "the risk of a human tragedy".Signatories included Socialist Lionel Jospin, Communist Robert Hue, Louis Viannet, head of the pro-Communist CGT union, and Fode Sylla of the SOS Racism association.At the Saint-Bernard church in the heavily-immigrant Goutte d'Or neighbourhood, hundreds of supporters formed a human barricade around the clock to prevent a possible police raid."The government is in a terrible bind. The protesters have too much support for the police to intervene," said Dominique Noguere, lawyer for the Human Rights League and some immigrants.The protest by mostly Malian immigrants, including 110 children, has made newspaper headlines but does not appear to have rallied widespread support. A demonstration in the port of Marseille gathered only about 50 people on Monday. Another march was planned in Paris on Wednesday.Diop said the fasters were extremely weak. "At one point we asked them to stop their hunger strike because a little piece of paper is not worth dying for. But they have refused," he said.Lawyers say the immigrants' status is a legal tangle ranging from some people who are entitled to stay, to others who can be expelled outright, and others whose situation has become unclear following controversial 1993 laws to curb immigration.