UK: PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - August 20.PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - August 20.Prepared for Reuters by The Broadcast Monitoring CompanyFINANCIAL TIMES-- BLOW FOR AT&T AS HEIR APPARENT QUITSUS telecoms giant has suffered a setback with the announcement that the man widely expected to take over the company, Alex Mandl, is to leave to take up a position with a new company which aims to capitalise on the opening up of the market for local calls. The search for a replacement is expected to see an outsider brought in. Mandl will head a new company, Association Communications, which will aim to provide businesses in a range of U.S. cities with services including Internet access, data communication and video conferencing.-- EMI IN STRONG FIRST PERFORMANCEShares in EMI Group have risen by a greater degree than expected following the demerger of Thorn EMI. The increase in share price values the group at some 6.39 billion stg. Observers at ABN Amro Hoare Govett are reported to be expecting the EMI Group share price to reach 15 stg. There remains some speculation concerning a possible bid for the company by a US entertainment group, possibly Viacom, Seagram or Walt Disney.-- UK REJECTS BONN-US MODEL FOR OPEN SKIESThe British government has let it be known that it will not sign an open skies deal with the U.S. based on an accord reached between the U.S. and Germany recently, claiming that this deal favoured the U.S. Talks resume next week between U.S. and UK authorities on an aviation accord which both parties are keen to secure prior to the U.S. presidential elections and which is seen as vital to the recently-announced plan for an alliance between British Airways and American Airlines.-- REFUGE SHAREHOLDER THREATENS 1.46 BILLION STG MERGERPerpetual, a leading shareholder in life insurance company Refuge Group is reported to be threatening a planned merger with United Friendly, believing that the deal could leave shareholders in Refuge at a disadvantage. Neill Woodford, senior investment manager with Perpetual noted that he was giving consideration to voting against the plan. He also expressed concern about the speed with which the 1.46 billion stg merger plans have been drawn up.-- ARGOS JUMPS 45 PER CENT AND PLANS NETHERLANDS STORESA rise of 45 per cent in its interim pre-tax profits has been reported by catalogue retailer Argos. The figure of 31.8 million stg exceeded forecasts, triggering upgrades for its full- year profits. Meanwhile, the company also revealed plans to expand into the Dutch market, where it hopes to open its first store in 1998. Eventually it plans to operate 70 stores in the Netherlands.-- POST OFFICE CHIEF WARNS UNIONS OF THREAT TO JOBSAt a meeting between management and union leaders involved in a worsening industrial dispute at the Post Office a warning will be delivered by chief executive John Roberts that a failure to secure an end to the strife could place in jeopardy the Post Office's commercial future. Finances could be particularly badly hit if the government decides in the face of continuing strike action to extend the suspension of the Royal Mail's monopoly on the delivery of letters.-- PROBATION SERVICE COMPUTER A DISASTER, SAY STAFFThe Home Office has delayed the implementation of a new computer system designed to maintain checks on criminals on probation and asked supplier Bull Information Systems to make changes to its design after staff complained about the unwieldiness of the technology. Confusion surrounding the use of the system, warn staff, could lead to information about potentially dangerous offenders being misfiled.-- AGREEMENT IN RAIL DISPUTE AVERTS STRIKESThames Trains has become the latest of a number of privatised rail companies to have reached agreement with unions over wages and averted the threat of stoppages. There are reports that in private unions involved in the sector concede that the privatisation of the industry has actually led to an improvement in wages and conditions for staff now that the companies involved are free from government intervention. Unions hope to establish benchmark deals that can be taken up by others in the industry.-- MORE FUNDS SWITCHING MANAGERSA report from the fund management division of Union Bank of Switzerland, PDFM, has found that pension funds in the UK are becoming increasingly willing to switch fund managers if they feel that their assets are not being exploited to the full. A poll of some 400 of the country's largest funds has found that over the past year 24 per cent have terminated contracts with managers after reviewing asset performances. In the U.S. the trend is even more pronounced, with 37 per cent of funds having changed managers at least once in 1995.-- CABLE FEE CASE MAY GO BACK TO ECBritain's cable companies are reported to be considering making a new appeal to the European Commission to intervene in their dispute with BSkyB over the satellite company's pricing structure for programming. The companies believe that the rates being charged for the provision of some of Sky's most popular channels leave them little scope to offer subscribers better value services. The EU has looked previously at the situation and decided to leave a resolution in the hands of the UK authorities.phone BMC +44-171-377-1742