NEW ZEALAND: INTERVIEW - Hardie Boys seeks clear coalition deals.INTERVIEW - Hardie Boys seeks clear coalition deals.Would-be coalition partners after New Zealand's general election will need to provide clear evidence of a workable deal, ideally in the form of a written accord, Governor-General Sir Michael Hardie Boys says."The ideal would be a written commitment in one form or another. Ideally it would be...a written coalition such as we have at the moment between United New Zealand and National. But I don't think I could insist on that," Hardie Boys told Reuters.  "But there would have to be public statements agreeing to support another party so everyone would know the situation that I was relying on," he said in an interview."As long as it is clear and unequivocal...so that if it is reneged on, everyone knows."The switch from Westminster-style voting to Mixed Member Proportional meant, Hardie Boys said, that no government was likely to be formed on election night or even within a few days.  "Of course parliament has to be summoned within some eight weeks of election date and by that stage it is likely that the government will be formed or that the meeting of parliament will prompt a resolution," he said."If it can't be formed, even after some months of negotiation, then parliament might need to be dissolved and another election held. I hope not and don't expect that."The governor-general's "reserve powers" under the constitution include the power to appoint or dismiss a prime minister and in special circumstances to refuse a dissolution of parliament. All other decisions must be taken on the advice of  ministers.Hardie Boys said it would be for party leaders to conduct negotiations."If it gets to a stage where it looks as if we are getting to an impasse, I certainly have the right to talk to them and suggest they might sort out whatever differences there are outstanding and come to an accommodation rather than go back to the electorate as a last resort. "I am sure no party would want to be seen as responsible for that."  "Of course if he fails, and it is clear the majority against him is cohesive, then I would be entitled to call on the other group. By cohesive I don't mean that the coalition will clearly last a long time, but at least long enough to get past the first vote of no confidence. I certainly can't require a long term commitment for three years or anything of that kind."He acknowledged that coalitions could fall apart."That could well happen. I would want to be sure as far as I could that it would not dissolve in a week or two. That they really were agreed sufficiently to get on with government."But in the absence of anything but a shaky coalition?  Opinion polls consistently suggest the National Party will be the biggest in parliament, while short of a majority. A left-wing coalition is unlikely to command a majority, especially as the Alliance has ruled out post-election deals.In that situation, Prime Minister Jim Bolger would have the option of attempting to govern as a minority."If the PM decides he is going to see it out and test the position in parliament, then he is entitled to do that and see how he gets on," Hardie Boys said.  "I do plan to be here (in Government House) in front of the television set to see what happens. I have tried to discourage the notion that everyone should get on the telephone and ring me up and say 'hey what about me?'"Hardie Boys said it could well take a couple of weeks to "sort everything out", but did not think parliament should be called early to resolve the issue. "No I think it is better they take time to sort it out." -- Wellington newsroom 64 4 473-4746  "Yes, I would accept that, particularly if it survived a confidence vote."He said if no grouping could retain confidence in parliament, another election would probably have to be called and the incumbent would continue as a caretaker.Constitutional conventions indicate a caretaker government makes no major policy decisions and no major appointments, but Hardie Boys said: "Even a caretaker government could stay in office until it loses a confidence vote."Given his pivotal role, what will he be doing on election night?