SINGAPORE: Malaysia seen picking up 100,000t corn - trade.Malaysia seen picking up 100,000t corn - trade.Malaysia will probably buy small parcels of corn totalling over 100,000 tonnes over the next month while the rest of the grain and meal trade in the region remained quiet, traders said on Tuesday."We feel Malaysia will buy small parcels of slightly more than 100,000 tonnes of corn because they need it. Everything else is quiet because people are waiting for Chicago to settle down," a trader in a leading Western commodity house said.  Another trader said the Malaysians would want to lock in their late 1996, early 1997 supply of corn, but find the current price too high. "They're interested, but not at these prices," the trader said.The price of U.S. corn in Southeast Asia for November/December shipment on a Panamax vessel was being quoted at about US$175 a tonne C&F, up about $5-$10 from the preceding week, Singapore-based traders said."The Malaysians may want a better price so they will probably wait a while," a trader said.  Indonesia has ample supplies of the staple because of heavy imports and the recent harvest in the key corn growing region of Lampung. Thailand is likewise well-covered until early next year, dealers said."People here are trying to avoid buying on nearby months because they find prices too high. The grain trade right now is absolutely quiet," a trader in a commodity trading company said."Buyers are standing aside and the focus of the market is still on the supply side," one U.S. trader said.There were no reports of grain or soymeal tenders with most countries well-covered up to the last few months of 1996.  "There's just no tenders because everybody's put on a lot of coverage. Unless the prices come off, business will remain slack," one trader said.Regional buyers want to see how the U.S. corn crop will develop while nervously watching the weather because of talk the late-planted crop may be vulnerable to an early frost."The crop is just so far behind average it's raising a lot of concern about its viability," one trader said.Trading in Indian soymeal was likewise quiet with buyers sitting it out in anticipation that prices will slide because of a bumper harvest in the country.  One trader estimated the size of India's (November/October) crop at about 4.5-4.7 million tonnes, slightly higher than the 4.45 million tonnes in the preceding season.Prices of Indian soymeal for November/December shipment were quoted at around $295 a tonne C&F, up about $10 from last week, mainly on brisk demand, dealers said."The Indian soyabean harvest should be good, unless a disaster intervenes. If the figures hold up, it should bring down the price from the current levels," one trader said.He predicted that prices should slide to about $240-$245 a tonne C&F in the coming weeks.  - Singapore Newsroom (65-8703305)