JAPAN: Japan localities rebuff calls to share U.S. bases.Japan localities rebuff calls to share U.S. bases.Japan's defence minister, touring the country this week in search of alternative sites for U.S. military artillery ranges to ease the concentration of bases on Okinawa, keeps getting the same answer -- not in my backyard.Defense Agency chief Hideo Usui, who on Monday launched a five prefecture tour to look for new hosts for the unpopular drills, was rebuffed in Shizuoka and Yamanashi prefectures, two Tokyo-area districts that are home to Japanese military ranges."Yamanashi is doing its part just like Okinawa," Usui was told by Yamanashi Governor Ken Amano, who stressed that his rural prefecture already had a U.S. base near Mt. Fuji.Playing down the setback, Usui vowed "greater efforts so that the drills will not have to be held in Okinawa anymore from fiscal 1997".Three other prefectures -- Hokkaido and Miyagi in northern Japan and Oita in the south -- have indicated there will be no welcome mat for U.S. facilities.Usui's delicate mission is designed to flesh out an agreement reached last week by Japan and the United States to shift U.S. live-fire artillery drills from Japan's southernmost prefecture of Okinawa to five Japanese military facilities located on the main islands.The relocation of the drills is a down payment on a wider Japan-U.S. plan to placate the restive southern island, where anti-base sentiment boiled over into massive demonstrations after the rape of a schoolgirl last year by U.S. servicemen.Okinawa's politicians seized on the sexual assault, for which three U.S. servicemen are serving prison sentences, to highlight long-simmering discontent on tiny Okinawa, home to about 75 percent of all U.S. military facilities.The defence minister's campaign to persuade other prefectural governors to share Okinawa's burden came as a court battle between the central government and Okinawa Governor Masahide Ota reached a critical phase.The central government has three times sued Ota for his refusal to serve as Tokyo's proxy in forcing Okinawan landowners to renew leases for U.S. bases.A final Supreme Court ruling on the first case, initiated last December, is slated for August 28.The closely watched ruling would set a precedent for the other lawsuits, the most recent of which was filed last week over Ota's refusal to renew land leases for 11 U.S. military bases, including the vital Kadena air base.The lease contracts expire next May, posing a potential threat to U.S. use of the facilities and thereby complicating U.S.-Japan security ties.Ota has said that a U.S.-Japan agreement in April to reduce the amount of land occupied by U.S. bases by one-fifth does not go far enough to quell sentiment in Okinawa, the poorest of Japan's 47 prefectures.To placate Okinawans, who say the sprawling U.S. bases hamper economic development, the government on Tuesday launched a panel of experts to devise schemes to promote industry and create jobs in communities where the U.S. military is located.Okinawa will hold a referendum on the bases on September 8, just after the first anniversary of the emotive rape case -- the latest example in which local governments have turned to plebiscites to challenge unpopular central government policies.In a non-binding referendum on August 4, citizens of Maki village in Niigata Prefecture voted against government plans to build a nuclear power plant on a local beach.