JAPAN: JGBs edge down by Tokyo close before FOMC, auction.JGBs edge down by Tokyo close before FOMC, auction.Key September 10-year Japanese government bond (JGB) futures closed slightly easier on Tuesday after three straight days of gains.Earlier, the key contract hit an eight-month high on investors' cash bond buying. But afternoon trade was sluggish with all eyes fixed on the FOMC meeting later today and Wednesday's 10-year JGB auction, traders said."Trade slowed down in the afternoon. Although the Fed is widely expected to leave interest rates unchanged, we have to see it," said a dealer at a long-term credit bank's securities unit. The key contract ended down 0.01 at 120.80.  "I'd like to see how banks place bids in tomorrow's auction, as well," the dealer said.The September briefly fell to 120.59 in the early morning on profit-taking in cash bonds from regional investors.But the early fall provided a good chance for other investors, including life insurers, to buy long-term cash bonds, traders said. This resulted in a late morning rally as high as 120.95, the highest intraday level for any key contract since December 22.Meanwhile, the yield of key 182nd 10-year JGBs fell as low as 3.105 percent earlier today, the lowest rate since June 6.  It stood at 3.130 percent at 0721 GMT, up 0.020 from Monday's close.The morning rally in JGBs was also supported by falls in long-term money rates due to receding fears of an imminent credit tightening, traders said. Key three-month certificates of deposit (CDs) were issued at 0.60 percent, the lowest issued rate since June 26, down from 0.63 percent on Monday."If the U.S. leaves interest rates unchanged, Japan's sole rate move is unlikely this September," said a dealer at a city bank's securities unit. "It would be also difficult for Japan to tighten credit if German interest rates eased."  Another factor behind the recent firmness was technical short-covering in JGB futures ahead of a shift in benchmark status to December as early as on Wednesday, traders said.Turnover of the December futures was 24,421 contracts, close to that of key September's 45,580.Light hedging sales were detected in cash bonds and futures due to fears of limited demand for the 10-year JGBs to be auctioned on Wednesday, traders said. The offer volume seem unchanged from the previous issue of one trillion yen. But the coupon rate is likely to be 3.1 percent, at the low end of recent coupons ranging from 3.1 to 3.3 percent, they said.