JAPAN: Japan may bow to foreign pressure on liquor tax.Japan may bow to foreign pressure on liquor tax.Japan is likely to raise taxes on domestic liquor next year in a bid to appease foreign criticism that its tax system discriminates against imported spirits, analysts and experts say.A World Trade Organisation panel has already ruled that Japan treats imported spirits such as whiskey and brandy unfairly compared with a Japanese spirit known as shochu.Analysts say the decision is likely to be upheld when the world trade body makes a final ruling later this year, and if so, Japan will face strong pressure to raise shochu taxes.  "It's highly possible that taxes will be raised from next April. Within the framework of free trade, many industrialised countries would obviously see it as unfair that 'shochu' taxes are lower compared to other distilled products," said Tokushi Yamazaki, an analyst at Daiwa Institute of Research Ltd.Last month's ruling by the WTO panel followed a complaint by the European Union, backed by Canada and the United States, that Japanese taxes on imported liquor are disproportionately high compared with locally produced spirits. Japan appealed to the WTO on August 8 to reconsider the findings and a final ruling should be made around November.  However, analysts and experts said the ruling is likely to stand and that Tokyo will face a 15-month deadline to make changes in its tax system.The EU says that per degree of alcohol, Japan taxes imported spirits at rates as much as six times as those imposed on shochu.But Tokyo has argued that shochu -- a liquor brewed from barley and drunk with juice or other mixers -- is basically for poorer people, while whiskey and other imported spirits are a luxury tipple for more affluent consumers.  For example, a 700 millilitre bottle of imported whiskey can cost 5,000 yen ($46) or more in Japan, while a bottle of shochu of about the same size costs around 850 yen ($7).Japan can either raise taxes on shochu as it did in 1989 and 1994 or reduce taxes on imported spirits. The EU has said previous reforms narrowed the gap, but not to an extent which would put foreign and domestic products on an equal footing.  Raising taxes on shochu appears to be the most likely course of action. "If we take into account our tight fiscal condition, cutting taxes is not a likely option," a Finance Ministry official told Reuters. "Nothing has been decided yet, but liquor taxes are likely to be discussed during the annual review of the country's tax system by the end of December."Tax experts see shochu tax hikes as inevitable, but any tax increase would be minimal as the move would meet staunch opposition from politicians supported by local distilleries ahead of general elections expected as early as October.  "We've been telling the government again and again that shochu and whiskey are not substitutable. We're backing the government all the way in its WTO appeal," said Teikichi Uchida of the Japan Sake Brewers Association.Industry sources said if shochu taxes were brought into line with whiskey taxes, the retail prices of shochu would have to go up by around 800 yen ($7), hurting domestic producers.The WTO findings can also interpreted to mean that shochu taxes would only have to be raised to the equivalent of vodka taxes, which are lower than whiskey taxes, analysts said.  The WTO panel report classified spirits, including whiskey, brandy, rum and gin, as being "directly competitive or substitutable" with Japanese shochu. Vodka was classified as a "like" or "highly similar" product to shochu.Taxes for one type of shochu now stand at 102,100 yen ($944) per kilolitre. Average whiskey taxes stand at 982,300 yen ($9,092) and those on other spirits such as vodka stand at 367,300 yen ($3,398) per kilolitre.  Major Japanese shochu makers are Takara Shuzo Co Ltd, Kikkoman Corp and Godo Shusei Co Ltd. ($1=108 yen)