GERMANY: FOCUS - Hopes of repo easing grow as German M3 slows.FOCUS - Hopes of repo easing grow as German M3 slows.German economists grew more confident that a cut in the Bundesbank's main money market rate was on the cards after the central bank said on Tuesday that M3 money supply growth slowed in July.Growth in M3, the German central bank's main policy guide, slowed to an annualised 8.6 percent in July from 9.6 percent in June, the Bundesbank said.The figure was at the lower end of the forecast range.Analysts polled by Reuters predicted seasonally-adjusted annualised July M3 growth compared with the level in the final quarter of 1995, in a range of 8.5 to 9.2 percent.Forecasts averaged 8.8 percent.Although the July figure remains well above a seven percent target ceiling, economists said they were now optimistic that growth could come into the target range by the end of the year and that this could persuade the central bank to ease policy.Ulrich Beckmann at DB Research responded warmly to the figure. "It was at the lower end of our expectation, which was 8.6 to 9.1 percent," he said."It is now very clear that we have a very good chance to reach the Bundesbank target zone (of four to seven percent growth for 1996). I think there is a very good chance that we will see a cut in the repo rate," he added.Uwe Angenendt, economist at BHF-Bank in Frankfurt, said in an initial reaction, "Monetary expansion has slowed considerably. This is a very good sign for the Bundesbank on Thursday. I expect a repo rate cut of 10 to 20 basis points."But the reaction in German financial markets was muted.The German share market showed little reaction to the figure. In the bond market, where traders had become increasingly optimistic that the figure would come in below forecast, Bund futures eased marginally.Sven Oehl at BZW in Frankfurt commented, "Bunds ticked up right after the number but fell down to almost an unchanged level. It was what the market was looking for. It was pretty much a neutral figure."I think a repo rate cut has definitely been factored into the market considering the Euromark contracts. We are waiting to see the final cut. If we do not get it this week, we will look to the next meeting. It would become an ongoing game."Germany's central bank has been hinting repeatedly at the chances for a cut in its repo rate since April, when it lowered its discount and Lombard rates by 1/2 point each to 2.50 percent and 4.50 percent respectively.It has linked the prospect for a further repo rate easing to a slowdown in M3 growth, which notched up runaway double-digit monthly rates in the first half of 1996.Nick Stamenkovic at DKB International said, "Today's figures have certainly increased the chance for a move. (Bundesbank chief economist) Issing hinted at the increased chance for a move last week. I think on balance they will cut the repo rate."But economists also feel that it may be time for the central bank to give Germany's economic recovery a boost with a small easing, and are keenly awaiting July business confidence data from the respected Ifo Institute due out on Wednesday.The Ifo data will give a measure of confidence in the economic recovery, sorely needed after very weak winter months.